Did your Rogan experience podcast is brought to you by the flashlight.
If you go to Joe rogan.net and click on the link for the flashlight and enter in
the code name Rogan,
you will get 15% off the number one sex toy from men.
And you can make a decision to save money and shoot loads into plastic vaginas.
You can also,
you could also,
uh,
go to a,
we're also sponsored by Alpha brain at Onnit labs.
O N N I t.com self go on [inaudible] dot com and entering the code name Rogan.
You save 10% off of that.
Don't control.
So you on the off brand?
Uh,
not anymore.
They're gone.
I'm out.
Ah,
more for your baby.
Dunkin's here,
let the party begin.
Release the hounds.
Herman Cain.
Explain it.
[inaudible]
yeah,
baby.
That was a quick look for you here.
What are you doing?
They're following scared me.
It scared me with your tricky work.
I'm a sound Duncan trussell's here folks.
Hello.
And Whenever Duncan trussell's here.
Sure it gets weird.
That's your realm bro.
You're,
you're the king of weird shit.
Speaking of Weird Shit.
You know how they,
it's odd that they call the flashlight a sex toy.
Why did they get it's toys the wrong word for what that is.
That's it.
That's cool.
Not a toy.
A toy makes it seem like you would like sit and like Gi joes would play on top
of it.
Okay.
Well it's,
it's toy I think because of the fact that it's silly.
Yeah.
You can't help but laugh at it.
I guess you play with it.
You know what it's like a less offensive way of describing what it really is.
Some thing you fuck,
you
know?
Imagine if it just said that it's the fleshlight something you fuck,
that'd be great.
I just call it that.
1 million times better than a sex toy.
It's like a John Wayne Gacy term.
You got,
you kids want to play with my sex twice in the basement.
You know,
they,
they sell sex toys at target now they're do.
Yeah,
they,
they have all these new companies are not new companies,
like condom companies are now getting into vibrators and like they have
vibrators now at a target and it's called like personal massage units or
something.
But it's just vibrators at target really.
Yeah.
But they have to pretend it's for something else.
They have to show the girl like rubbing her face with it so it doesn't even to
temples.
So strangely a big fucking rubber dick is that you're out oppressed society.
So fucking repressed.
Did they get,
they got to call the person on the side or they can't say a fuck tool and you've
got to call it a toy if you do this,
that.
And the other weird thing about it is if you want to talk about sex,
you have to say,
well,
it's adult entertainment.
Like what's that me adult entertainment that makes you think you're going to be
watching a symphony,
not like fucking do that.
All this repression when it comes to sexuality is a direct result of
overpopulation.
Is that what it is?
Is it like we feel overpopulated and we're trying to slow down?
Yeah,
no,
I don't think,
I've never thought that.
I think it's all based on the,
uh,
[inaudible] it's all based on the fundamentalists of all religions are,
where's their urge from,
with this urge to control sexuality.
What is the root of it as an m?
It's a kinds of extreme and m you know that joke you do about,
um,
that joke you do about the priests sitting in the fucking,
in the,
in the confession booth with this tiny little hole is they listened to people
tell their darkest secrets.
That's us.
An m like that could be in a sex club if there was no confession booths,
that would probably be a thing where it's like,
yeah,
go into secret booth,
man.
People tell you really dirty things and he can't jerk off this,
that crazy.
Yeah.
That must be so hot for them.
Oh,
you're like really crazy stories.
It's erotic dude.
It's really sexy cause these,
because you know,
there's guys in the booth being like,
man,
I put my fingers in her pussy and then she wanted her father.
She wanted me to fist her pussy.
Cool.
Go on.
My son and I was just pumping and pumping and father,
she's Squirt,
she squirted father,
you haven't had sex.
You're,
this is a guy who isn't theoretically not had sex in years listening to live or
maybe they have,
I mean they had,
they have at least they have nocturnal emissions.
Like they come at night and their sleeve priests are always blast and just,
this is at night
dickless that after all we know in 2011 that people that anyone would not,
not even just that anybody would do that,
but then anyone would at all take anybody willing to do that seriously and not
think they're fucking crazy.
Like when you see the pope,
like having an interview,
like sitting down with great heads of states,
politicians and kings and queens from around the world,
you're literally looking at this guy like this is,
this guy's wearing a fucking superhero outfit.
Okay.
He's wearing some crazy Jesus superhero outfit on and he's getting to tie and
he's a fucking cult leader and he's getting to talk to presidents.
If Catholicism was new,
if it just came out,
if someone just advantaged it,
okay.
You would for sure make fun of it.
And for sure it would be labeled a cult,
no different than the moonies.
No different than the Hari.
Krishna is no different than any other new ideology that tries to get introduced
into our system.
But Catholicism is one of the weirdest ones.
I mean,
as someone who grew up in it,
you know,
someone just spin around those churches and the stained glass windows and
everything is dark and no one is fucking
happy.
But how about the trans substantiation of the communion wafer?
Why they believe that they convert the communion wafer into the flesh of Jesus?
Yeah.
What?
And they bully they,
it's
not assemble.
There's like I,
I've heard that,
that they really truly believe when they do their,
whatever the spell is over the crisp,
that it turns into Jesus skin and then they're breaking up the flesh of Jesus in
consuming the flesh of the man.
God,
they don't really,
you know,
they'll only,
people who are really into Catholics are dudes who are fighting off the gay and
a lot of old women,
a lot of old women get really an old man.
And like get the fuck Outta here with this.
It's old Catholics that I knew it.
I had the joke about Catholics suicide bombers,
so you'll never see a Catholic suicide bomber cause none of us believe in it
that much.
Catholicism was like,
fuck it.
You never know religion.
It might be real but you know it's fun.
Count on this.
But old women,
old women and dudes fighting off the guy.
Good dudes fighting off the gay man.
They dive into the fucking Lord's word.
When I was in high school there was this poor kid who wanted to be a priest and
he was just fighting off the cock just every day.
He was like the space shuttle,
reentering orbit with leaky titles and just fighting off the urge.
Just dial in the car.
He was so gay and he was really religious man.
I think he became a priest.
Please God keep cocks out of my mouth today.
I was reading about this fucking crazy story where there's a lesbian couple and
they have a son and they want to,
the son is 11 years old and they want to block his hormones because he says that
he's a girl and he wants to be a girl.
So they want him to be positioned for gender reassignment at 11 years old.
But he's making his decisions and his name is Tommy,
but they say that he only refers to Tammy.
He calls himself Tammy dresses and dresses and he wants to be a girl.
She's parkade.
Yeah.
What happened there is,
do you think the kid is,
is that uh,
um,
an emotional thing?
Is that a physiological thing?
Does anybody have that nailed?
Like why people wish that they were another side?
I guarantee that it's not like just a decision for an 11.
No 11 year old is going to like put themselves through turning into a,
he wasn't just like,
this is going to be interesting and they don't try to be a girl.
Well,
according to the parents,
um,
he had done that since he was a baby baby.
It's physiological.
So you think it's just some wacky coincidence that this is happening in the
presence of this lesbian couple that's raising him?
You know,
cause this is where the real argument comes in about sociology versus
physiology.
Like what,
what exactly causes certain behavior or certain once and inclinations?
I don't know,
you know,
I mean,
I'm,
no,
I'm no expert,
but I,
you know,
I know that people were real uncomfortable when they hear that a lesbian couple
has a boy that they adopted and that this boy is being considered for gender
reassignment to become a woman at 11.
Even want to go like,
whoa.
It was okay.
Did you,
what do you guys like?
Can I sit down and talk to you?
You know,
how do you feel about men?
You fucking hate him?
Do you talk shit about him day please?
His mom?
I don't know.
No,
I don't think that.
I definitely don't think,
I don't have an opinion.
I have no opinion.
You know,
I honestly,
I,
uh,
I just find the whole subject to be incredibly fascinating though,
whole idea of gender reassignment term.
It's fascinating.
It sounds like something happened to even in the military,
obviously gender reassignment,
boy,
it's like the robot military,
they should not let,
like,
hopefully that kid has to be 18 to honestly be able to do that,
right?
No,
no,
no.
What they're trying to do is they're trying to give the kid a blockers that keep
him from reaching puberty.
That's,
yeah,
but that's,
that should be against the law for them to be able to do that.
I would,
that's what I would think that the kid can't make a decision for himself.
I don't think you can fucking Jack Nature like that at 11.
You,
you don't know what you're doing.
You don't know the repercussions.
How could an 11 year old possibly wrap their head around the idea of what they
should be responsible with for the whole future?
They're not,
you're not a man yet.
You're not even responsible for yourself.
You know,
your mom has to check to make sure you wipe your butt,
you know,
and you're 11,
I can't imagine.
I can't imagine that said,
I have a friend who's going through that.
I have a friend whose son is going through a gender reassignment issue and
these,
um,
that's a new,
is that a new word?
That's a new term.
This is like a new add or something.
I've never believe it is.
I think,
you know,
that's what they calling it when they chop your dick off.
I was scared to the patients up.
This is the chop your dick off clinic.
Oh,
you're here to get yourself a fake vagina and no penis.
So,
right.
Like do items on the menu,
giving them money.
Yeah.
That's two hours of chop your dick off.
Chop your Dick off.
Uh,
so,
so a Dick,
oh,
well for women,
you know,
the,
I don't know how many of them get an artificially constructed penis.
They convert the clearest,
right?
Well,
not really.
What they do is,
um,
for the most part,
they just jack them up with roids and roids make the clit turned into like a
little Dick Shit.
The clitoris and the penis are apparently made out of the same sort of tissue
and when the clitoris is in the presence of massive doses of testosterone,
just chimpanzee rage doses,
it becomes a dick.
It gets so ferocious,
it grows like a rhino horn
and that's just from just pumping test into a woman's body.
It's so crazy to me,
man.
I,
I've been around bodybuilders before.
I knew girls that did roids for sure.
There was girls that at this gym that I went to,
there's a one one gym that I went to in north Hollywood.
They were fucking gigantic women.
They were big.
They were like a buck 80 solid muscle,
5% body fat dude,
you don't get that way.
There's a lady who used to live down the street from me that was like a Miss
Olympia.
So you know,
it's,
it's a weird thing man.
You start when they do it backwards,
they're like,
when they take the tick off to make it a pussy,
don't they used to put the dick hole and then they kind of like just open
it up like an artichoke or something like that?
I think yes.
Something along those lines.
I think they actually tried to sever the penis and use it to line the skin of
the vagina.
So as the PR,
if the person's still gets excited,
they still have like a feeling,
but they can't orgasm anymore.
No orgasms forever.
It makes me wonder then like if there's tearing sensation to get,
you know,
like you see those videos that were like,
people are shoving pencils up there,
Dick Holes and stuff like that.
Of course it has.
Does that feel good?
Does it have a sensation?
It's kind of things that a new way to check off.
Um,
I,
I think once it heals up,
it probably doesn't feel too terrible and they're probably so excited about the
fact that I got this little fake pussy that probably they'd probably feels good.
I thought you meant pencil on your Dick Hole.
That's like,
that's horrible.
And you pause for a second.
I'm like,
no,
because it's the same hole is what I'm saying is when they split up in the dig
and
that's the whole year.
That's a good question.
You might be right.
He might be right.
There's no way you're fucking,
you're,
they're not fucking,
I'm just saying,
right.
They stretch it out.
Get your penis trainer like an anal trainer.
The first person who did this operation,
that's what I want to know that start out with the shell of a bullets.
Let's start off with a number one pencil and they go to number two and then they
go to that night's fact,
three one that we actually get to a 38 round.
We really pack it in there and stretch on the tip of that car and it's a six
month process until it becomes something that you can fist.
I've seen videos of chicks knuckle deep and
really pushing down and do his Dick Hall just fishing around down.
No bacteria on those nails,
fecal matter.
And this girl,
I know she does webcam videos and a lot of guys do that.
I was surprised she will screen capture all of them
so they can see her as she sees them.
That what's that chat relay?
Is that the thing that shakes do?
I'm sorry,
is that the thing that tricks do now you you beat off and they look at you one
on one.
It's kind of like,
it's what you always used to do with girls from forms and stuff for free.
But now they're charging like something like $10 every two minutes.
And it's kind of cool because now you're making a personalized porn video,
you know?
So it's pretty much like chat roulette.
But the girl is hot on the other side.
They can screen capture,
they can get photos of everything as well.
It's mostly just cocked.
They don't have faces and terrible.
She's like all screen capture and Dick's.
That's just rude man.
There's great
fictional.
Well he going to have to take out of the beat off of the [inaudible] only does
it when it's pencils in the Dick Holes.
You know what I mean?
I can crazy or there's something ridiculous.
Doesn't she have to take an oath before she becomes a Webcam?
And you should have to like have a hippocratic oath.
Okay.
Not Allowed to harm a little take screenshots and dude's Dick.
You're here in the service industry.
That's right.
Oh,
I screen capture all that time.
All Day.
There really should be sexual service industry.
There really should be,
you know,
the idea that that's illegal.
It's so fucking gross.
You know,
I think it probably causes more rape causes more anger if
I don't want my daughter to be a prostitute of course.
But if prostitution with legal people are going to do it and guess what?
Some people are going to actually like to do it and some people are going to
enjoy going there and some people,
they're just crazy bitches and they really wouldn't do anything else anyway.
And what are you gonna do?
Are you gonna fix the whole world?
You're going to fix the whole world?
Or are you going to let them get tested and get taxed and let them be treated
like they're not some outlaw.
You know,
it's not an,
it's an outlaw thing.
You're a,
if you're a prostitute,
you're a criminal.
If you're giving away sex for free,
you're just a whore.
But if you're actually getting money for it,
you go to jail,
they lock you in a cage.
And the idea that we still have that in 2011 regardless of what your beliefs are
about sex,
whether you should or shouldn't go to a prostitute.
I agree.
That's kind of a weird thing.
It's a little dehumanizing.
The whole conditions.
It's very strange,
but fucking for sure it should be illegal.
You can't lock people in a jail.
You lock people in a cage for making someone feel good with their mouth.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
It's insanity.
It's absolute fucking insane.
Fucking lunacy,
man.
Complete insanity.
And the fact that it's not challenged,
the fact that that's not challenged in 2011 like what?
And the fact that apple is not censoring it off as Siri.
When you're asking for a blow job and they tell you what they look,
the closest escort agency is.
Did you know that this is what he did?
He asked it.
He,
he's actually,
no,
I haven't told you this.
I go,
I took it last night.
I just sit there in bed and try new things,
you know,
and I'm sitting there.
He'll go,
I need to,
I want a blow job.
And they're like,
we found Ford escort agencies closest to you and it was like 27 miles away.
You know,
Steve Jobs,
his program,
do some shit in there.
That's it.
Just waiting for someone to say the right thing.
I just hope they don't start censoring it though.
Apples keep on going that way.
Make it like the Internet.
Don't start censoring it.
That's fucking cool that you actually have that in their portal,
Siri.
He just put it in there knowing eventually.
Right.
What is exactly going to happen on December 21st,
cannot access future node.
That's fine.
Yeah.
That's fucking cool man.
One thing that seems interesting.
It seems like that it's a run off a server because it's been,
you know,
everyone's activating this Siri,
which is a remote assistant on the new iPhone four s is what we're talking
about.
Well,
you know what it's based on,
right?
Uh,
the dragon or no,
based on Wolfram Alpha,
which was that search engine that was created by all these PhDs they wanted,
they literally wanted to put together the concept is a website that can answer
any questions.
So no matter what your question,
you know how I'm,
what is the weight of one pound of nuclear waste it before I've used it for a
ship.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Yeah,
so apparently that's what,
that's what,
what's behind all that?
That's really cool.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
When you asked for a dead body,
it goes a sewer and old warehouse.
A junk yard.
Yeah.
He said where to put a dead body.
You didn't make that.
I thought this is a fake.
No,
no,
no.
I've been laying in bed using it just like fucking making up shit.
You ever have a device?
If you ever have a gadget and you want to learn everything about it.
I just by Brian One too,
right?
Then I say,
where are we at now?
And he's like,
dude,
this is what I just found out and he'll find shit on it that you would never
figure it out yourself.
Fucking know.
Yeah,
well he's just a gadget whore.
I need to figure it out with them and I think it's run off a server,
like I think like that they're going to be able to constantly upgrade it as time
goes on.
And I'm just worried now that with all the attention to all the,
of course the x rated stuff that they're going to start censoring it.
It went and I hope they don't start doing that and,
but,
but it is cool to think like what Siri in five years is going to be,
just like when we first saw the iPhone one to see how it's changed the
technology from then it's going to be pretty much a PR,
like most relationships without sex,
it's going to be better than that.
You know it's,
it's,
it's going to be anything you want to talk about.
Any questions you have to add and you're going to,
it's going to learn.
It's going to get to know you.
It's,
you know,
it's pretty much going to be like artificial intelligence.
I think that relationships with that sex,
cause what else says that you're sitting there talking to a computer?
Most of the like most like a relationship without sex.
What?
You won't feel the same if you know that the robot is there for you because it's
artificial,
you're going to abuse it.
It's not like a person that you love to have around.
I think most people would probably just beat the fuck out of their robots.
The robot wasn't a person but was always going to like look out for them and be
there for them.
And then you would find that robot but ignoring and you would kick his ass cause
you know he couldn't fight back to protect you.
Right.
But if it gets to know you better and me,
I'm already late.
Oh man,
it's a robot.
But if it gets to know what your answers would be in your personality better
cause I'm already interested in it and it's just not even smart right now.
But what if it starts to get to know you and now you're so interested in it,
like crack.
If you fall in love with your phone.
Yeah,
she's,
she has things.
I even asked it to sing the other day and I started singing me a song.
I mean it's pretty much,
it's,
it has,
it's fascinating.
Like I want it,
I'm addicted to it.
I'm addicted to Brian just got a curse.
The iPhone,
it's not Siri,
it's got a demon.
And
I mean if you were a real fundamentalist,
if there's anymore Satan,
this is,
this is the devil in the machine.
Oh,
that's right.
That's true.
That's what Satan does.
You know,
someone told me once,
Satan cannot create,
only God can create.
Seitan is only capable of imitation.
That's why Satan is the God of music,
of rock
music.
Satan is the God.
It's like I love dudes who just like have knowledge like that.
Oh,
they want to give it to you.
This is I'm going to tell you,
and they're all confident and they're just saying just crazy shit.
Yeah,
just think about that.
Just think about that.
I've always said that if you believe in the devil,
that's a different kind of crazy cause.
There's a lot of people that will talk all day about God.
Like on TV.
God bless America.
May God save our troops.
You know,
God is on our side,
Bush and God is on our side on TV.
I believe God is on our side.
Could you imagine if he said,
we found the devil,
he's in Afghanistan.
Yeah.
He'd be like,
oh,
this guy's crazy.
Oh yeah,
that is a fucking mine.
Well,
you don't,
you didn't really find the devil,
but it's okay to invoke God into the equation.
As long as it's sort of an abstract thing that you're pretty sure you're never
going to meet in this light.
It's amazing what invoking God can do.
I mean clearly the God that the Christians are invoking,
if there isn't Satan is Satan because the god that they're invoking as this like
homophobic destroyer of like everything that isn't a Christian.
And if you don't fear him,
he will fuck you up to you up.
He will.
Anything bad,
he'll fuck you up so bad that fucking Herman Cain if you like.
There's a thing on the Internet,
somebody asking Herman Cain what he thinks about homosexuality and his response
is,
well,
I'm a Bible believing Christian and so I believe it's a sin.
So if you think about that,
this guy's running for president and those two things he put next to each other,
he believes that there's a fucking someone of the same.
Gender is not just bad,
it's bad.
On a metaphysical level it's bad because there is a super intelligent being out
there that gets infuriated when these microscopic Amoeba like creatures put
their penis in an in an asshole of the same gender.
He believes in that creature and that fucking guy.
Once the keys do the largest nuclear arsenal,
you can't give him that.
Do you think they re I dispel,
I don't believe that anymore.
I don't believe they have the rights to the largest nuclear arsenal and apply.
I don't believe the president has any size.
Say,
I think the president is just doing a job.
He's in there playing a role.
I think it's really clear now and the clearest evidence of that as Obama.
What Obama,
the way he's changed his stance on things from being a presidential candidate to
being the president and his done everything that you would have asked him to do
if you were in corporate America,
you were one of the people that put him at all.
He's done everything you've asked.
It's like a maitre d,
including what they're doing with the pharmaceutical companies going after
medical marijuana.
Now closing down stores,
threatening,
uh,
take their property owners.
Yeah.
People who are renting places out to medical marijuana places.
They're saying they're gonna take their property away.
They're threatening newspapers for airing advertisements for medical
marijuana.
Meanwhile,
there's been study after fucking study after fucking study showing so many
benefits that people have that are sick.
You know,
forget about people like me who just use it because I like the way it makes me
feel.
You know what I mean?
I mean,
it makes me relax though.
I like,
it helps me go to sleep.
No,
I'm fine.
Do you know any reason?
Just like aspirin,
if you have a headache,
you should be able to take aspirin.
Goddammit.
You're a fucking grown human being.
Yeah.
The idea that a one person should be able to stop you.
Ridiculous.
But in this day and age,
with all the information that we have now,
the fact that it's still illegal at a certain point in time,
you just have to fucking scream.
Okay.
It just infuriates infuriate well,
the a poll just came out,
it just was popping up on the Internet that now 50% of Americans believe that
marijuana should be legal.
And somebody tweeted to me that in California,
like the Medical Association came out and said that they think it should be
legal because it causes more harm,
breaks up more families that the war on it is breaking up families,
you know,
taking people's property.
Why putting people in jail that's a million times more harmful than whatever
they're,
the harmful effects may be if smoking marijuana,
which is far as I can tell her like naps that are too good.
And it makes world of Warcraft fucking unavoidable.
And your life,
it does make food taste better and makes sex feel good too.
Yeah.
So it's so,
so there's,
uh,
so yeah,
when you start,
when like that I got really depressed when that shit started hitting Twitter
about Obama cracking down again.
Like I got really,
I like,
like,
like sad.
I still am a little gloomy from that because it's just this idea of like what
are we in fucking more door and Lord of the rings,
is there some guy on like a black thrown with fucking uh,
metal gloves and Oh,
horn helmet being like we must crush the marijuana that is making these people
slapping.
Yeah,
exactly.
You can not have the people be happy,
happy.
The grossest example of corruption available rosis example of corruption.
Whenever there's something where someone's trying to crack down on thing.
No,
this,
when someone is threatening the crackdown on something where they're going after
certain organizations.
Ha,
there's money involved.
100% there's money involved.
Right.
And the money can go one way or the other.
You know,
it could go that they realize they can make a lot of money through these medical
marijuana places and the marijuana places give them a nice fat tax.
Like maybe say,
hey,
instead of,
you know,
uh,
whatever tax we're playing.
How about medical marijuana?
You make them pay x amount of tax,
maybe just a little bit more that those profits go to try to straighten out the
economy a little bit.
Yeah.
And uh,
you know,
and everybody's still can make a shitload of fucking money.
Then they have to stop packing thing and go,
wow,
they're giving us more money than the pharmaceutical companies aren't.
Right,
right.
And then,
and only then are you going to be able to fucking stop all this bullshit?
You're going to have to have a marijuana lobby.
You're going to have to have people that have shitloads of fucking money and
they want marijuana to be legal.
And then all of these current politicians,
all these corrupt little whores with their assholes sticking straight up in the
air,
all of them will come around,
all of them.
But that's only then only when they get the people who put them in office,
when their daddies who put them in position and tell them what the fuck to say.
There's no clear piece of evidence that Obama,
a man who admitted he smoked marijuana and they're locking people in cages for
second
property taking their problem right in front of their closing down.
Why are they doing it?
There's only one reason money.
There's only one reason someone is making money off it,
not being legal
or there's the deep,
that's one part of it.
But there is like that deeper uh,
id o and the deeper conspiracy theory about it,
which is that it's not just the money.
It's the fact that that state of consciousness it induces isn't one that works
for a capital o type of capitalism we have right now.
And I think there's something to that man,
if people start,
and also it's like try getting really high on a really good weed and start
thinking about those fucking drones zooming around Afghanistan and plast and
missiles at kids.
And it's like you'll really start getting a clear understanding of how fucked up
that is.
You know,
no matter what even let's say even those drone attacks we had to do them,
it's still fucked up.
It still creates more of a sensitivity towards,
um,
people getting their limbs blown off of their bodies,
in the pursuit of some ridiculous war.
And that kind of,
you know,
that's hitting the military industrial complex.
It's hitting the pharmaceutical companies because if you start getting high,
you're going to start experiencing a better level of happiness.
It's going to make you start dealing with your bullshit.
Or maybe you don't make you depressed because you're lazy,
but either way it won't allow you to like sink into the kind of sedated hypnosis
that it seems like that works really fucking well for Applebee's.
You know,
it works really well for the corporations,
for people to be in a sedated hypnotic state where they can really make sense of
going down to a shopping mall and,
and like eating at a fucking,
I dunno,
chicken place with their,
with their kids and then going up and buying some shit.
At a shoe store and then spinning their day just consuming shit they don't
really need and then going home and sitting back to watch TV with more
advertisements and not thinking that's weird and falling asleep and that kind of
depress lumber that is really hard to do if you're high,
if you're really high,
it's really hard to watch normal TV and not be like,
this is horrible.
Look at these advertisements.
Are you kidding?
They think that that's going to work on me.
Oh my God.
$48,000 for a fucking car you're going to pay for.
That's like over a year's wage.
For some people,
you're going to make sense of buying a brand new car payments of $285 a month
when you for like four grand,
you can go buy a fucking car,
get it fixed up through the year and have like a shit load extra money and not
be in debt.
That's what part makes you think if you're,
you know,
but if you're like drunk and you're fucking scratching your balls and watching
the game and a fucking the new Lexus,
you'll start thinking like,
well,
my credit score went up this year.
I think I might be able to take out a loan from the bank and get a new Lexus.
Even though you're fucking broke and living in hell and it's going to just
create this weight on your budget that's going to make you miserable.
Dude,
I don't mean to go on a long rant,
but did I ever tell you the time?
A friend of mine picked me up and it's fucking Mercedes and took me to his
apartment.
Debra,
tell you this.
No,
you had a brand new Mercedes and I know this guy knew what his job was picking
me up in his and I knew he can afford a Mercedes.
Picks me up in his brand new Mercedes and he's like,
Hey,
I got to stop by my apartment.
Come inside for a second,
go into his apartment.
It is a size of a fucking closet.
It is the smallest department I've ever seen in my life.
Like barely could eat.
Like he had to like kind of like almost like walk sideways against the wall to
get around the bed to get to the bathroom.
It's like a New York style just shit box.
Meanwhile that guy's car payments have gotta be like five 5,600 a month.
I mean this is a nice fucking Mercedes and in his mind he had like his logic
behind it was like yeah it's better to have like a really nice car then like a
comfortable living situation.
I talk about this,
he's like a d one last thing.
That guy is a tramp demon cause why?
Cause he's a tramp demon because Trump see that Mercedes and they're like let's
go back to your apartment cause they think he's rich and then they get in this
tiny little fucking shitty closet space.
We have some rap about that.
They're making my new place or fixing up town.
Staying here for a little while.
Yeah.
See Ya.
It's so fucking set,
the look on those tramps face when they walk in that door and realize it,
they barely room to stand.
There's like two feet of carpet between the door and the bed.
There's a lot of people who believe in those really small sustainable houses.
You know,
that people are making these like really,
really little houses and you like move things out for the kitchen and move
things up in the bed is like a little loft area and you know,
and yeah,
like it's like a whole trend on the internet.
There's a lot of people who are doing that.
It's cool.
I don't think there's anything wrong about living simply.
It's just hilarious when people,
uh,
oh yeah,
no,
throw themselves into hellish debt,
uh,
for a symbol.
Yeah.
And,
and,
and well,
it's not just,
just
that honestly,
it's a,
you,
you enjoy the fuck out of a nice car.
Sure.
You get an a Mercedes,
you can't believe you're allowed to drive this thing everywhere where you go,
people look at you like you must be special looking at him.
He's getting into that Mercedes.
I'm like,
oh my God.
For a lot of people that is a tangible benefit of having a car like that they
liked this quarter.
You could say it's shallow all day,
but men driving one of those things is beautiful.
It's an amazing piece of engineering and as a a year head,
you know,
I'm sort of a minor league area because I don't know exactly how all of it
works.
Yeah.
But like Adam Corollas,
like a legit gearhead and he can like build cars.
I just like buy them from people who know how to build them and they appreciate
the fuck out of him.
I think they're interesting,
but the driving
one you've drive like a really well engineered piece of,
it's amazing,
man.
I,
if I had shit shitloads of money,
I would buy a nice car.
I wouldn't feel weird about it.
Cause anything to like to,
to dull the fucking existential horror that comes over me on the one oh one and
traffic.
That's beautiful.
I'm just saying when those commercials,
you know,
there are,
they're not just appealing to rich people.
They're,
they're,
they're manipulating idiots into somehow convincing them that they're logically
makes sense to get in debt to a bank for 50 grand.
It's not just idiots.
It's people that are not happy.
That's what they're offering you happiness.
See,
most people throughout their day,
they have a job that can occasionally be interesting,
but they would never fucking do for free.
And whether they're good at or not,
they take some sense of pride in their work.
They get through their day,
but they're fucking tired,
man.
And people were unsatisfied.
They feel like they worked so fucking hard.
They put so much in and what am I getting?
I'm just existing to,
this is what I'm doing.
I'm existing.
So what do they do?
They get fucking shit.
They buy a new bowling ball,
they get a new,
they get a new Lexus and no one for them.
You know,
for some of them you say it's sad,
but for some of those guys that are stuck in that life,
no matter what they do,
that might prevent,
that might give them like a little bit more happiness driving,
you know?
Yeah.
But that's plastic and nice new Mustang on the way.
The word plastic fucking fruit.
I mean really the idea is get underneath that.
Don't start.
You're starting at the top start way deep.
Start down deep and then worry about the fucking Mercedes for you.
Yes,
for you,
for a guy who thinks,
but for someone who's just locked into the life of a drone and accepts it and
Nice Little Red Mercedes,
look at that.
Look at the look on Bob's face and he's so happy.
Then he gets into his red Mercedes.
Even the girls,
hey girls,
I don't buy Mercedes but I didn't say ladies,
you know like I get myself in debt.
Always have been.
I,
I did the same shit.
I don't buy Mercedes already or go to that crazy,
but my shit was always like,
I grew up super poor and then now I have credits so now I could buy things and
Duke like most of my life was like hand me down shit or you know like shitty
toys or you know,
just not like you walk.
You live in a neighborhood with a bunch of kids that get anything they wanted
growing up,
I can't,
I don't have to see these kids.
And you're like,
wow,
you got vultron how'd you get Voltron?
That's just like $80,
you know,
and then now you're an adult,
you're kind of over.
Like if you feel like I deserve this because I didn't have that stuff growing
up,
I,
I want what I want.
You know,
like,
like these kids always had growing.
He fucking objects have to sue them,
give me a big computer monitor and fucking world of Warcraft and some medicinal
marijuana.
And that's all I need.
And that costs 1399 a month.
Oh Shit.
I guess I can't say what that,
what I did cause it,
they'll cancel my account.
But can I tell you what,
can I tell you what a friend of mine did?
A friend of mine recently went on like a really bad world of Warcraft bench.
Like he,
like,
he didn't mean to when he started playing in this guy's name.
His name's,
uh,
his name's Ah,
oh,
you know him.
Well,
Hobo started playing and I,
he went in there and he started playing.
He's got to,
me and them are similar in that we both have a level,
uh,
83 a warlock and little Hobo started,
little little Hobo started playing and he went in deep.
I don't know what happened to him,
but like it's like he really,
really,
we're really like got hooked on it for like three days and since he's deleted,
you did delete the game from his computer so he couldn't play.
But in the midst of this binge,
he decided to buy gold from a one because they sell gold online for world of
Warcraft.
They sell gold.
Do you know this?
They sell world of Warcraft currency.
So he decided to buy just because he saw an ad and he's like,
I wonder if this really works.
He decided to buy 6,000 gold,
which takes a long time to gather up in that game.
And so we went online and he ordered it and you have to put,
he had to put his phone number in and he got a fucking call from him.
He's Chinese.
People are like,
you buy goal,
you buy,
go meet,
meet an Oga,
Ma at the bank.
Oh good.
My Bank now come now like really?
Like they couldn't really speak English that well and fucking you go and you
meet a gold dealer in the game,
in the game.
They call you up in real life and tell you that the gold,
the gold is ready get online.
Then you go and you meet this like level one character and they,
it's like fucking drug deal.
They have you meet kind of out there like valley of spirits come now valley is
spirits.
You come now they're brusk.
You go there and then they like give you 6,000 gold and their character
vanishes.
It was so fun.
You think two things.
Do you think either there's a Foxconn of kids that are forced to play this game
and then all sweatshirt sweatshop?
Yeah,
sweatshop thousand gold for for for $7 it would take,
it would take days for me to gather up 6,000 gold,
$7 they're getting paid like 10 cents an hour if that together or blizzards.
One of the most intelligent companies in the whole entire world and they
discovered that like,
hey,
this is like paying,
you know,
we could act like these people existed.
You know where we're actually making money.
Like we just made $7 off Dunkin.
You know,
we made up this imaginary goal.
This was some blade runner shit.
This is like kids in a fucking bunker.
It was like,
it's,
it's like,
it felt genuinely,
I can't,
well little Hobo told me that it was like one of the,
one of the most,
that is one of the most fun experiences you are able to command without getting
arrested.
So glad elbows
back.
Yeah,
me too.
He's real.
He's been enjoying getting out on the road again is you're using the
little guy or the,
the little guy's been working fine.
Nobody seems to want to see it seems to care.
It's the same thing.
It's just with like the little guys a little cuter.
He's a little nicer.
Not on state.
I mean he's,
he's an ass on tweeter.
Looking what you were saying that it is like blade runner type shit.
It really is.
We're,
we're things are getting so bizarre,
bizarre.
They're getting so bizarre.
And the closing with the Siri thing,
you're absolutely right Brian.
This is the next level.
This ability to interact with your inner eyes.
Yeah,
we're,
we're like knocking on the door of some really,
really bizarre times.
You know what?
I think it is many things.
I think the next thing it's going to be interactive surfaces where it's going to
be like some,
it's,
it's some kind of like,
I don't know,
material that you could lay down on top of a table,
like kind of like tile or just some kind of cloth you could lay on top of
something that turned into a screen.
So I think that the new thing is going to be,
they're going to be walls made of interactive surfaces so that you could tell
the wall,
you know,
like beach view and suddenly you're just sitting on some beautiful beach looking
out at the ocean.
I think they already have that shit like that wall technology,
but it's gotta be,
it's going to get,
I think it's going to get like totally normal.
Like,
you know,
we're now when you go to a hotel and you're like,
oh fuck,
they don't have wireless.
It'll be like,
you'll go to a hotel and be like,
ah,
there's no interactive surfaces and no,
this doesn't have interactive walls.
I think eventually what it's going to be is we're going to have hologram units
and that you're going to be able to watch things and Hologram,
you know,
like you'll be able to look,
you remember when,
uh,
was it r two d two had princess Leia and real,
there's a little,
a little video that you could watch and it was her help us.
He'll be one year,
so primitive,
you know,
when you think about it.
But um,
I think eventually there'll be some sort of a large form of that total living
room.
Like your living room.
We'll have an open space.
Instead of having a 55 inch TV,
you'll have like a 55 inch square on the ground,
you know,
and then there'll be something above it and they'll just project some three
dimensional totally and fully three dimensional.
And you can control with your hands.
You can like move shit around with your hands and stuff.
I mean that when that happens,
that's when fucking starcraft two is going to become the ultimate sport because
they're going to put that shit in like Ah,
they're going to put that in stadiums.
Imagine I wish I was sponsored by blizzard.
They're going to have it like,
uh,
stadiums are going to be laid out with these huge holograms of like video games
fighting each other.
That look super realistic.
That's coming.
I know it's going to happen.
It's going to be so imagine if they have life size,
video game,
hologram things interact with each other and you could watch a game of quake.
Play out.
Exactly.
Watch,
play out in an arena.
Watch like a dude,
like an artificial dude
shooting guns and shit.
That's where it's heading,
man.
It's already like so fucking fun to watch.
E sports.
I'm hooked.
I've been watching these starcraft two tournaments and they're like bad ass.
There's so fun to watch when you know what's happening.
Fucking Koreans,
man.
They're the fucking,
they are to star craft what black people are to football.
They're just like being through read things through everyone.
There's so good man.
And they have like the way they set up the cameras,
they show like their hands on the keyboard.
Sometimes you can see how fast they're moving their hands.
It's like lightening fast.
It's like $100,000 is what they're competing for.
So it's real money and it's fucking cool.
Well quick thinking and intelligence,
you know it is really what's required to play star.
Yeah,
that's a,
that's a tricky ass game.
That's not like I was in debt like fast twitch muscle games.
I was into like aim games like quake because it was like really intense.
I was into like one on one duals and all that type of shit.
But the,
the,
the amount of calculations involved in a game like starcraft,
it's not just like moving your hands quick.
There's no one on the automatic,
it's fat.
It's that it's fast twitch because you do have to be able to move super fast and
there's like,
the way they break it down is there's like,
it's not an aim fast twitch.
Oh No.
Cision involved in like quick,
like you had to get like set special mouses with like mices Meese,
mice,
whether were three,
2000 DPI,
300 DPI.
Like,
like they had these razor mindset that they created specifically just to make as
her,
yeah,
but you need them as much fuck yeah,
because,
because like the micro gate,
the macro game is like your big plan,
what your,
what different setups you're going to use to try to defeat your opponent and the
broad scale.
Then there's the micro game,
which is,
so when you're having individuals score skirmishes between armies sell,
like I only do macro,
I'm terrible at micro.
But uh,
the micro game is,
let's say you've got like five [inaudible] five zero s which are these like
alien predatorial creatures and they're fighting five protons,
which are like kind of like Saifai space people.
Uh,
you have to,
you have to like,
if you're really good is your unit start getting injured.
You pull them out of the fight,
you pull them back out of the fight so that they don't get killed and they can
heal in the back.
While the people who aren't getting hurt can fight.
And there's like tricks based around that and you've got to move fast as fuck to
pull that off.
And meanwhile,
while you're doing that in the middle of a skirmish,
you gotta be thinking about all the shit back at your base.
Your fucking spawning pool has got to get adrenal glands on your fucking exurbs.
You gotta update your fucking high.
Your queens got to be spread the Queens,
cause I played Zurich.
They were like bad as aliens.
The queens like the Queens,
they spit this.
They know.
I think it comes out of their ass.
They like turn around and spray this weird high with their eggs and that light
creates larva.
From what?
You grow these aliens,
you gotta be thinking,
I've got to spray the fucking hive.
I gotta make a God damn it.
I don't have time for this.
I've got to make a failing nest.
It's awesome.
No time for this gay men about the olive garden.
What the fuck was that?
It's the greatest game.
It's the greatest game all the time.
Well,
I guess if you really get into it,
it'd become your life though.
It seems like it's so complex and there's so much involved in it.
Do you kind of have to play it all day?
Do you find yourself ever,
sometimes you got to moderate,
I mean you've got to take control of yourself later.
It seems like you,
you're,
you're constantly being stimulated.
You're constantly having tasks to perform.
It's never ending,
especially if you're playing on when you're playing against a person.
And so you're getting the added silly endorphin rush of like crushing someone
and also it ranks you.
So the way they got it set up is there's different leagues in Starcraft's that
you have,
like the bronze league.
Then you have like,
uh,
the silver league,
the Gold League,
I think they have one above that called the diamond league.
So like the players,
if you were really good,
theoretically you would rise up in the ranks and eventually you could get to the
point where you became like,
people want to watch your games.
People want to start watching the games that they're really good players cause
you learn tricks from watching them and like so I like watching video games in
general.
I think there is a future for that because I mean I was always a fan of like
when I,
my friend would want to play a video game to sit there and watch him play.
I liked it.
Now I didn't watch starcraft two it's totally your touch,
quick games,
quick demos.
But I don't think I would want to watch a game that I'm not aware of.
Like I've watched people play battle field earth or one of those fucking
battlefield.
I don't feel I've watched people play that.
It looks like fun but it's not exciting to me cause I don't play it.
You have to play the game to be excited about watching a video of it.
That's true.
Otherwise it just sounds,
it seems like in San is what I would say about pool.
Like nobody wants to watch pool on TV.
That's why you know what does well on TV for pool trick shot shows those stupid
trick shot shows,
which I can't even watch.
I have like a set up on my DVR to record pool shows,
but whenever there's a trick shot show,
I get annoyed like I don't want to watch this.
I don't care what they're doing.
They're just,
it's not a game.
It's not a real game.
The only reason why I like it is because I play pool.
If you don't play pool,
you'd be like,
what the fuck stupid shit are you watching?
You're watching some idiot shoot round balls at an other round balls and knocked
him in the holes and you get excited when it goes into a hole.
You're talking about basketball,
no pool.
Oh that too.
Same Shit and involves any game really.
If you don't play them,
if you don't play them you,
you could admire great feats of physical athletic ability.
Like when a guy can jump through the air and slam dunk a ball,
but if you don't play it,
you don't give a fuck.
If you play it,
then it becomes something you like.
How would I have gotten out in that game?
How would I have dealt with his ERGs?
How would I have,
you know?
And then that's the thing you're learning.
Yeah.
When you play it,
you're learning.
You're kind of like watching it and getting tricks and you and you know how
you're going to apply it.
And maybe it's like,
yeah,
I'm sure it's so complicated though.
Oh it's,
it's incredibly complex.
I mean it's infinitely con.
I mean it's very complex but there are like some simple basic things that just
mimic any,
any battle.
I mean it's,
it's,
it's very similar to like re like real skirmishes and stuff.
Cause you're having to be deceptive.
You're having to use deception.
You don't want them to understand what set up you're using initially.
Like in the very beginning of the game,
you,
you'll send out a scout to go into their base and you'll look and you'll be
like,
oh shit man,
it's only been like a second.
They've already like created a spawning pool.
That means they're going to do a zero garage.
So that means that you're killing me.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I'll shut up.
I'm most,
yeah,
but it's only the only people that could understand what the fuck you're talking
about is people that actually do it.
Yeah,
maybe.
I mean you could sort of follow it along,
but I mean it just seems like so fucking calm.
It's complex.
It's a complex game,
but it's the first in what I think is going to be this entire new generation of
these types of games and I really think it's going to grow and become like,
I think eventually 10 years down the road they're going to have an ESPN for east
sports where they're going to have leagues and they're going to have,
well they're going to do in Korea.
Right?
Like a real professional players took off in Korea like though.
But yeah,
I do have it here,
but not like they do in Korea,
especially star trek or star starcraft,
starcraft and Korea's bonkers.
Judge.
I've watched a big tournament's would they have audiences watch and it's really
crazy.
It just took off there for some reason,
but I think it's good.
So good.
Well because they train,
like they,
they,
they treat it like a real sports.
So they have like coaches,
they train,
they learned techniques and tactics and stuff.
I think fans are intense people intense.
You know,
I grew up all around Koreans because of my taekwondo background,
you know,
and uh,
we were always nervous to fight Koreans too.
Like if you had a flight,
Koreans and taekwondo tournament's everyone was terrified.
Guy would show up with a Gian with,
uh,
with the Korea on the back of it.
You'd shit your pants like,
oh fuck,
he's a Korean.
They just were so intense.
It's so much better at taekwondo for a long time.
Eventually Americans and a lot of the other,
uh,
countries caught up,
but in the beginning they were,
they were really far ahead and so intense,
man,
Korean people are so fucking competitive.
Dude.
Desmond,
Korea have like one of the fastest download speeds,
if any.
Yeah,
yeah,
they're super high tech.
You know,
all the Samsung phones apparently are made in Korea.
And then we were talking about the whole thing about,
um,
you know,
uh,
sweatshops and shit like that.
Some,
some of the parts though are still made in China,
but,
um,
they make them in Korea.
Here's something interesting that Korea is that one of the number one podcast on
iTunes is a Korean podcast and it's all in Korean.
You won't even understand it or anything.
And so I was researching like,
what the fuck is this podcast?
Because it keeps on being number one of all podcasts lately.
And what it is is like the Korean news is like Fox,
it's like horrible,
you know,
just like bias news,
right?
And so this podcast is a,
is supposedly like the daily show,
but like for real news and it's gotten so big and finally that the Koreans are
getting like nudes from a different source that's a little bit more honest and a
little bit more edgy.
And for them it's blowing up right now.
So it's kind of interesting.
I wish I could understand it though,
you know,
I wish it was it possible to translate it.
Wow.
But,
uh,
yeah,
it's weird.
It's pretty cool.
It's called a,
I think that d d a n,
Z I s the dances or something like that.
So it's pretty interesting shit man.
Yeah,
we take it for granted.
This is censored as our media is,
we,
you know,
we're still,
we're doing way better than a huge chunk of the rest of the world.
That's true.
What do you think about this fucking occupy Wall Street thing,
man?
Because this is,
you know,
people are getting actually getting mad at me for not talking about this and uh,
I've,
I've had people get mad on my message board out at me on Twitter.
I've been re tweeting things left and right where you can have videos,
retweeting all kinds of things about it.
And I've been trying to formulate an opinion on it.
And first of all,
it's very exciting.
And what's exciting is that it seems like for the first time in my life that I
can remember people are standing up to the government,
standing up to the,
to the federal bank in a,
in a giant way.
You never seen this before.
I've never seen just droves of people in the streets sleeping.
They're staying there.
Cops losing their fucking Shit,
man.
Cops freaking out because of stress and punching people.
Have you seen these people getting maced and all the shit that's going on?
Man,
it's,
yeah,
dude,
they're becoming white shirts.
People are calling.
I never heard cops called white shirts short man.
Now that's what I hear.
A white shirt punches a female protest or video on youtube or vine watching it.
Is that what it is?
The white shirts are violent.
They,
the white shirts are the ones who are higher up and they,
they,
they seem to be more entitled there.
The video is coming back that I've seen.
It's always a white shirt in there.
I like kind of like fucking thug fat.
They've got that thug fat or the,
you know what I'm talking about?
Like yeah,
they're like bell shaped or something and they were just like fucking pop people
in the face by the way.
Whoever the cop is,
what a bitch ass right hand you have.
Dude does a terrible punk.
It was all like down in the word.
No technique and as a professional fight commentator,
I was appalled.
I was
like Dexter,
I gave up on Dexter because he had a shitty rear naked choke.
Yeah.
Lithgow had a shitty new rear naked choke choke in some girl I gave up on the
whole season that she's done for me.
Almost done.
I'm giving you a couple more episodes of this season's been sloppy.
Bad acting,
bad editing,
bat writing,
bad everything.
You can only do a show for so long until you take yourself too seriously.
Yeah,
that's right.
I know.
Shows ever Everlast.
That's the cool thing about the BBC is they'll just do it.
They're like,
it's only going to be one season.
Tell the story.
In this season there's not.
It's not going to be based on whether it's popular.
We do it and tell the story in that sentence.
You get more quality shows.
You don't get this shit where they extend and extend and extend and then it ends
up petering out and a crappy way.
Well,
the crazy thing is that we take those BBC shows,
redoing with American class,
make a much more mediocre.
I'm gonna let you go on forever.
They just stretch out.
Go on fucking forever.
For years and years and years.
But Dude,
I watch the fucking walking dead.
Two episode one C are rathers walking dead season two episode one today.
Damn.
It is so good.
Every time I watched that show,
I ended up curled up in my fucking chair like Jesus.
Jesus,
Jesus took zombies in that show are so fucked up.
That's a,
that's a legit show.
You know what else?
A legit show arc and horror story.
Oh,
is that good?
I just started watching that and start washing.
That freed her of Glee.
It's creepy as fuck.
Yes it is.
Wow.
He went deep.
Dude.
This is cool.
This is,
they're doing shit.
But you can't,
I don't want to spoiler alert.
No,
I won't say listen to won't and tell anybody cause it's a real recent show.
But there they do some shit that I've never seen people do on TV where I'm like,
wow,
you can do that now.
Feels,
yeah,
it feels kind of twin peaks ish or something.
Yeah,
it's freaky.
It's kind of David Lynch ish.
You know.
Horror movie.
No,
no.
It's scary,
man.
It's,
it's,
it's interesting,
man.
I like it,
dude.
Um,
but to get back to the occupy Wall Street thing,
it's fucking insane how it's spreading all over the globe,
not just in America.
It's spreading everywhere.
And you can't,
you know,
it's funny how many videos,
people have like taken up like the thing with,
what are you doing over there?
Sorry about that.
I got the Mayan calendar here.
I'm clutching it as we talk about the revolution.
Um,
you know,
people are always trying to marginalize things.
Like,
did you ever see those videos that there's a really funny guy made with,
uh,
Sarah Palin's,
the people waiting in line for a book signing a Sarah Palin and he's
interviewing them and my one in Columbus,
Ohio,
and they're all almost retarded.
You know,
they'll have no idea what she stands for.
They have no idea what's wrong with this country.
They'll know there's,
you know,
they just,
they really,
they're just that she's hooked into the cult of personality.
So it's clip after clip of him interviewing these people and these people just
being completely fucking clueless.
And I've seen a few of those where people have done that about uh,
the,
uh,
the occupy Wall Street movement where they sit down with some young kid and they
take the kid and they,
you know,
they catch him on some facts and they,
they show school.
I'm about corporate taxes.
You know,
it was just like one snotty guy with an English accent.
It phones one dumb dude,
but I can't believe that that's the only person you ran into.
Stupid.
That's the video you made.
You went down there and there's 100,000 people sleeping on the ground screaming
at these fucking cunts and whores who've been ruining and poisoning our youth
and our financial system.
And all you can find is this one guy.
That's your depiction.
Yeah,
it's weird,
right?
They want to sabotage.
Breitbart was down at occupy La,
you know,
Breitbart has,
he was down to occupy La.
I was there with a friend of mine,
high Eq or Tim Heidecker.
We went down there together and fucking,
I'm past Breitbart on the street,
you know,
it's,
Tim,
I decker is a Tim and Eric show
and there's one of my favorite shows,
but we're walking down the street and I only,
not a name drop.
I'm only saying it because it's,
this seems really out of character.
If you know that show walking down the street pass,
fucking Breitbart and I decker,
I didn't even recognize
him.
Heidecker no hesitation.
It's like,
hey,
Breitbart,
you piece of fucking Shit.
Get the fuck out of here.
You fucking piece of shit screaming.
You're bright bar like instantaneously pissed.
Breitbart's like,
Yay.
Yeah.
Hi.
That goes like you're dope.
You've capped it off with you dealt.
But it was,
it was so awesome to see.
I'm like,
dude,
what the fuck?
There was no filter.
It was like,
it was like when my dog sees a squirrel,
it was just instantaneous.
You mother fucker.
Why is Breitbart's such a piece of shit?
Well,
because he's a,
he's like,
um,
he,
uh,
he slants his stories.
He got in trouble recently because there's a black ladies in charge of some form
of housing or something.
And like she,
uh,
I can't remember the exact thing,
but he,
she was giving a speech and talking about how she was gay.
There was a white family that needed some kind of financial help from this,
a white family that needed financial help from this organization.
And um,
she's like,
you know,
they're white and I didn't want to help him.
So that was the first,
remember that?
And then the next part is her being like,
but then I realized I should help them,
but Breitbart only puts up the part where she's like,
seemingly are racist.
That gets her fucking fired.
Uh,
and then they tried to rehire,
but she wouldn't go back.
She's like,
fuck you if you're going to fire me for some bullshit that Breitbart pissed off,
put pissed up on the Internet.
You actually said was that she realized that,
you know,
there's the,
that it's not about who's black,
who's white.
It's about who needs,
who needs help.
Yeah.
That was her.
It was like a lesson.
Like she was talking about how when she was younger or you know,
earlier in her life how she thought about things,
but now she realized differently.
She was just talking about growing as a human being.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
What if you don't start off perfect?
You have to shoot yourself in the fucking head.
Right.
You know,
you can't have ever been a racist when you were younger or said racist things
cause you were,
and being insensitive or dumb or conditioned by your environment.
You know the,
the idea that people can't,
can't grow as gross,
but then that Mollusk Breitbart,
that human fucking slime,
he like feels okay it cre,
that's,
that's just creating evil.
That's like,
to me that's a,
if you want to believe in evil,
Bro,
that guy,
Breitbart is like an example of that where you can rationalize showing a skewed
depiction of something that you've intentionally put up there.
I seemingly intentionally put up there to fuck someone over and to try to push
your agenda had.
Yeah.
Which is,
that's just basic internet journalism.
I mean the Internet,
I mean that that's what you do.
You,
you take a section of something,
put a dot,
dot,
dot.
Don't,
you know,
take it out of context and you could put it on an article and have that be
something that someone finds and then they'll read your stupid site.
Right.
It's let's help people do it.
Yeah.
You do that in then may reporting they do it in everything,
man.
Well,
that's fucked up.
It's bad and it's worse.
It's fucked up.
But it's,
it's,
that's how it's done,
you know?
Right.
I mean,
that's the problem.
You watch a fucking news.
What he's doing though,
I mean in the,
in that,
in that one situation,
you know,
what he's doing is,
it's especially sleazy because he's,
you know,
someone exposed themselves to him in a really introspective way where she was
honest about her own shortcomings and you know,
and realize the right thing to do and did the right thing.
So when,
when someone exposes themselves like that and sort of does it in a way where
they're trying to,
you know,
let you know how,
they,
they think in a better way and then that's the right way to think.
And then you just take a little snippet of that and make them look at your cunt.
Yeah.
Like that's it.
That's as a shitty human move.
That's a shame thing for a human to,
well,
he's a tarantula and he's like,
he's the,
the fact that people like that are allowed to carry on the fact that people like
that are allowed to continue to spread their poison and wise and Phil throughout
the world with without anyone doing anything to stop it.
Like fucking Glenn Beck.
Did you see that quote by Glen Beck?
Sang The occupy Wall Street protesters are gonna like drag you out of here homes
or something?
Yeah.
Was it was people were tweeting.
It was on,
um,
well,
well listen,
they will was right.
He's right.
You think they find a banker's house?
You think when they get a fucking giant group of them and there's one con that
got $100 million in the bailout and he got his,
his,
his giant,
you know,
parachute reward for whatever,
for fucking over x amount of people and they know he's right behind some dates
in new haven,
Connecticut or wherever the fuck they'd be,
I guess Bridgeport.
That's where all the rich people live,
dude.
Yeah.
People are going to go after that guy.
Of course they are.
I think it was a mob man.
This is a mob.
They're not going to,
it's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad
way too many drum circles and that mob to be dragging bankers out of their
hands.
And a lot of them are.
You say that you say that,
but look,
no one's doing anything violent.
And I'm not accusing anyone to do anything violent,
but I am saying is that if there was one guy's house and you knew that this one
guy was responsible for a lot of evil fucking shit and a lot of people lost
their homes and a lot of people became homeless and a lot of people lost their
life savings and 11,
this guy is
spring.
Are you talking about the president?
Are you talking about the White House?
No,
I'm talking about better the people who pay the White House.
Right?
Yeah.
Well,
you know,
man,
I don't know.
I think that the,
um,
the,
you definitely have got to it some point.
If you really do want to,
uh,
have a revolution,
you're going to have to,
you know,
maybe do a little dragon out of houses here and there.
But exactly know,
like if,
if that is what you want,
I just think that we're,
I don't know that this is,
but I dunno.
I mean the crowd psychology,
it really could spread.
And perhaps that's the weird thing about this kind of my like very tiny little,
well in the grand scheme of things,
a,
the very,
very first spark of revolution,
we're seeing the spark of revolution.
We're seeing a fatigue.
It's a spark that boy,
if fire freedom,
it's a fire that springs up when people are being oppressed and it's a beautiful
thing to see.
It's a beautiful type of fire and it's a very dangerous type of,
and it's killed
millions of people through throughout time.
Um,
but you know,
when you see,
when you see the very first spark of it like that or anything,
Holy Shit,
there could be living among us right now.
The future is equivalent of like George Washington.
There could be the right now living among us,
the first post revolution leader.
You know what I mean?
There could be someone right now if,
if this shit's spread and there was a coupon,
you don't want to put that thought out there.
The called the personality and some wacky motherfucker thinks he's going to be
the next Jesus.
Oh,
that was runs this whole thing.
But you all,
the beautiful thing about this whole pro occupy Wall Street is there's no
leader.
That's the beautiful thing.
This is a hive mind conclusion.
It's way better.
This way.
Your idea sucks.
The idea of having one new George Washington con Shithead,
listen,
fuck.
All those leaders don't need leaders.
We all know what's right.
We all know what's right and what's right is it.
This system sucks.
Once the system gets broken down,
then they need to come up with a new lease show.
Rise to power.
Listen to me,
take the throne they need.
Um,
they need someone who's interest coming.
Someone who's done a lot of mushrooms,
that's what they need.
Yeah,
sure.
Well they need a group of people.
You got to what?
Because yeah,
of course.
It's fun.
Here's the fun thing to think about it.
It's fun to think about.
Okay,
let's say that Obama and the entire government get their feelings hurt by occupy
Wall Street and they're like,
all right,
you guys,
here are the keys.
Come on in.
We're on the show and you are one of the people that gets picked.
What do you do?
How do you redo things?
What are the steps you take to reduce redo things?
Do you you get rid of the Federal Reserve?
I guess that's the first thing would be like saying here cleanout Ted Bundys car
and you can drive it.
That's what that would be like though.
Why would you want to take over this crazy fucking org?
This organization that has deep,
deep roots in criminal behavior and murder all over the globe.
Yeah,
but if you're just going to take over and what you're going to make everything,
oh,
instead we're going to drop lollipops and flowers on everybody and pull out of
all,
what are you going to do though?
You wouldn't even,
how the fuck you remember you were talking about starcraft,
you,
you're talking about all different things.
You have to manage and click on this and click on that.
Imagine trying to run the United States of America,
the military industrial complex,
and it's deep,
deep,
deep roots into the financial system and the CIA and the NSA.
And you know,
the fact that the CIA is essentially a shadow government,
a government inside the government that does everything,
including murder people.
So it's funny,
it's all of that.
It's like you try to take over this.
That's what I'm saying.
How could you,
so what's the answer?
Well,
the answer is you would never get,
first of all,
you can't have access to all the fucking top.
So you get information until you become the president.
Right.
And even then,
we don't know what the fuck they really tell you about.
So you would have to go there and then to learn everything that the American
public doesn't learn,
learn everything about what we're doing in Beirut.
They're going to,
if everything about what we're doing in Israel,
whatever went through everything that we've got going on in Pakistan,
you would have to fucking be abreast of all of it.
And that if you were really the leader,
you know,
or can even sing one liter.
I'm saying imagine
if what I'm saying it's impossible to fix.
I'm saying,
you said what would you do when you go,
what?
So if it's impossible to fix,
then what's the next best solution?
It has to be an internet based system.
We have to have a system of government that's through the Internet because
through the engine that people can really communicate.
You could have civilizations and you can have communities on the inner,
I have a community,
the Rogan board,
it's a community on the Internet and we've established clear patterns of
behavior in that community.
And you know there's,
it's hard for any message board when you have a bunch of people to keep people
in line,
keep people cool.
But generally speaking that that message board is pretty filled with interesting
people.
Cool conversations.
And if you're a con,
they throw you in the retard room and there's a,
there's a,
there's a special tag.
An observatory.
Yeah,
the holding cell.
And then you get a pink name and you can only talk with the other assholes.
It's like all the assholes get lumped in together that did that as a community.
And that's a community where you have just a few people running in and the
people get upset that the few people that are running it or being too,
you know,
they're,
they're closing things down and yelling at people and abusing power and then you
have to scale things back and you have to make some sort of a happy medium,
a happy,
you know,
a happy community where everybody agrees and the only way to do that in,
in our world right now,
the thing that makes the most sense to me is the Internet because the internet
is a way that everybody has a fair shot of communicating who they are.
You have a fair shot of expressing yourself.
You have a fair shot at agreeing and disagreeing.
It's reddit system.
I think reddit figured it out with the upvote system.
It's some version of that.
Perfect.
Something like that.
Yeah,
that's very similar to what I was talking about.
Like having a message board,
having an online community,
you know,
real life communities.
Of course you've got to deal with a lot of different shit.
A lot.
It's a lot more complicated,
but I think the idea that we could run the world through the Internet is
eventually going to be some sort of a reality because we'll be able to how,
how,
how can you influence other countries?
How can you influence this country?
How can you influence large groups of people you gotta be able to communicate
with?
And there's no better tool of communication other than the Internet,
but don't you think we're still going to have a problem with like the same
reason why you look at like the middle of the country,
there's still going to be people voting for annoying orange.
You know,
in the stupid annoying videos where you see on youtube,
you're like,
how does that have 90,000 hits?
Who's watching this movie?
And so you have the,
the majority of the people,
you've gotta know what I mean?
Yeah,
I see what you're saying.
You know,
look,
the real issue is we're,
we're all trying to pretend that everyone's equal and everyone's on equal,
right?
They're just,
we're just not,
you know,
we're not equal of mind.
We're not equal of body.
We're not equal.
Of,
of chance or not equal of,
you know,
opportunities.
We're not,
it's just,
it's a random hodgepodge of human beings.
And because of that,
people are,
you know,
they're very hesitant to,
uh,
to admit that if you're going to make a really big important decision,
there's some people that shouldn't be included in that decision.
The fallacy being the majority is always right.
Right?
Yeah.
Especially in a
country that's been baby fed like this motherfucker has for the last few
decades.
We've been baby fed,
you know,
there's no fights here on our soil.
We get attacked once and we go apeshit create 10 wars with people that never
touched us and somehow justify the entire thing.
You know?
Meanwhile,
we were attacked by suicide bombers.
You know,
the people that attacked us are dead on impact,
right?
And yet we still branch out all over the glove.
But this is our one thing we've been baby fed our whole existence.
So for us,
yeah.
So what?
So at some kind of like,
so the idea would be it's,
and I'm not,
by the way,
I'm not expecting you to invent some new form of government right now on a
podcast,
but it's a fun thing to think about.
Like,
okay,
so it's like some kind of upvotes system.
Yeah.
But that's still implies a majority and a majority is still making the decision
be hard.
It's always going to be hard.
You know,
there's no,
there's no perfect way to do it,
but I think you can develop a good
make,
make the,
the voting system be really expensive.
What the fuck?
Why would you do that?
That's ridiculous.
Make the voting to $50 he goes,
then you lost my train of thought because of that.
How dare you.
No,
no,
but what I'm saying is like,
you know,
the,
the dumber person doesn't have the high paying jobs,
so they can't know.
That's not true.
That's true.
There's a lot of fucking real idiots that are pretty right.
Be Amazed at how business owners,
I've,
I've had emails where business owners where they send me emails and I'm just
like,
you thought that's the spelling of that all right.
You know,
or what that fucking you,
you just got to you as like a hundred employees.
You know,
some people are just ambitious but they're idiots.
They're just fucking,
they figured out a way to bulldog their way through things,
but there's still stupid as fuck.
Like this Herman Cain,
Callan character,
he's a bible believing Christian and as a bat to be,
who wants to be the king?
Oh Dude,
let me tell you this.
I meant to,
I was going to tell you before the podcast,
so you know the Herman Cain has been quoting and man if you pull it up,
it's a funny cause sometimes in his speeches and like a couple of species is
like to a quota of special poet and he quotes Donna Summers.
He says it's a poet.
He quotes Donna Summers and what he's quoting is the theme song that she wrote
for a Po for the Pokemon movie.
Yeah.
So Herman Cain is quoting Donna Summers from a Pokemon movie.
Yes.
What is the message?
Can you look it up?
The thing it's,
it's not exactly,
it's not even like that smartest statement.
It's like stupid.
You can play the song.
You can look at,
if you look up the song on Youtube,
you'll find a video with like Pokemon dancing around.
Yeah.
All right,
here it is.
I'm a poet.
Once said,
life can be a challenge.
Life can seem impossible,
but it's never easy when there's so much on the line.
Okay.
And then,
so I guess that's Donna Summers from the Pokemon movie
economic engine moving by putting fuel in the engine.
All of the rest of it won't matter.
A poet once said life can be a challenge.
Life can seem impossible,
but it's never easy when there's so much on the line.
We have a lot now
look up,
look up Donna Summers Pokemon and play the musical version of what he quoted.
All right,
and do you know his tax plan?
You know about his tax plan,
right?
He wants to text 9% nine 909 is his tax plan.
And it's the same tax plan from Sim city.
Wow.
So he's like quoting,
he's quoting Pokemon and his economic system is based on Sim city.
Does he have kids and he's got grandkids.
That's what it is.
We're just sitting here going,
I like what he did.
She just said,
right now how am I going to do as a bible believing Christian,
what are some tenants?
Sim City worked for me.
It's amazing man.
And also the fact that he said that thing about the poet not knowing someone's
just going to do a simple Google search and the Pokemon theme is going to come
up.
Oh,
he probably is like maybe it's a pygmy employer and he thinks that's cool.
If he was a Pokemon player,
he would get my vote.
That would be awesome.
Yeah,
I would vote for him right away.
He played Pokemon,
but Joe,
the other thing I was telling Brian,
his tax plan,
Urban Kane's got this tax plan 9% 9% 9% nine but you know where that comes from,
right?
Sim City or a devil worshipers.
It's the same tech.
It's the same tax plan that using Sim city,
like eas,
eas,
really excited about it because it's their basic tax planning.
Look it up,
look up Herman Cain,
Sim city.
It's amazing.
So he got his,
his plans from video games,
Pokemon in Sim city or two major influences on who may be the Republican
presidential candidate,
a guy they're moving into position to take the black people away from Obama to
black people going to have a,
you know,
a a different alternative to,
to support someone that's intelligent.
And I mean they went through an amazing time.
First first black president ever.
Incredibly articulate and intelligent.
But now you know,
most people in this country or disappointed with Obama,
they say his approval rate is some ridiculously low,
like 30% or something asshole.
So that's 70% of the people.
That's a lot of black people out there.
They're disenfranchised.
And their idea is to use is Herman Cain guy and go look at this.
We've got enough.
We've got a very intelligent hard nose guy who's super successful,
made his way to pizza all on his own.
Yeah,
business owner.
He owns godfathers beat.
Are you serious?
Yeah,
I am voting for this guy.
That's the best pizza ever.
Shit.
Godfather's pizza you need if you want to retard bread.
Seriously?
Did you guys have godfathers growing up though?
No.
Oh,
it's delicious.
Yes,
dude.
I had Nikki's pizza in white plains in New York.
There's right down from executive billiards is the best fucking pizza on the
planet.
You got to have real east coast pizza.
The water's different pizza out here.
It's just not the same taste.
Good.
It tastes pretty good here.
I had a friend still good.
I had a friend who would order pizzas from New York
and there's like special services that will rush pizzas that are like on dry ice
from New York.
TTU whoa.
He so he ordered one of these pieces that was terrible.
There's places in Los Angeles that I shipped the water.
Yeah,
I think Boston pizza does that.
Dalton ship shipping from Boston.
Isn't that weird?
That there's water?
There's a difference in the water.
Yeah,
it is weird.
Yeah.
What the fuck is the difference?
I didn't know as the water,
I thought it was something else like that.
They say bagels are no good out here either.
Really?
Yeah.
It could be moisture in the air too.
Could be a lot of things.
Flora and probably not so fucking good to be living in an oven like this.
No moisture in the air.
You know whenever you go to like Houston in July you go,
Oh wow,
this is what it's like to be in wet air.
Wet,
damp air.
Well,
I'll tell you this,
if you didn't know anything about the planet and someone like flu you around the
planet and said,
where do you want to live?
You're not going to be like,
Hey,
what's under that giant yellow?
He cloud is smog.
I think I want to live there at that over overpopulated thing festering with
yellow smog.
Let's live there.
I don't,
I don't want to live around all this green shit.
Well that has nothing to do with the climate anyway.
I mean if people aren't living swimming anyway,
people are living here for,
um,
for the industry.
That's why you live in the industries here because there's not that many,
uh,
rainy days.
That's why they first moved the movie business here.
They're like,
Jesus,
we've got this one spot where it never gets ridiculously high.
Like Phoenix gets stupid hot.
Phoenix cracks it up even more than La.
So it's like a little bit cooler than Phoenix.
It's by the ocean and it never rains.
Okay,
thank you.
That fucking ocean.
Once I went down to Venice beach and a whim and went swimming and Venice beach,
I was pissing out of my asshole man.
I got so sick from swimming.
There are people swimming there that people at Venice beach floating in the
waves having a great time.
I'd fucking diapers floating by.
Really?
Yeah.
It's filthy water.
I'm an idiot for swimming in it,
but it's like,
it's disgusting.
Not to mention they do these like measurements of the amount of feces and the
sand is cause it's,
it's,
you know,
it's a beach at the edge of like a s a a massive city.
Homeless water runs in there.
All the fucking chemicals and God knows what Weird Shit.
Old fucking decomposing hookers and just nasty shit rushing out of the city.
Dead Rats and fucking hypodermic needles.
I'm surprised people swimming at Venice beach don't just immediately dissolve in
the water.
It's disgusting.
Probably good for your immune system swim there.
It's like a challenge.
It's like lifting weights for your immune system
and you did it all the time.
You'd probably never get sick.
You can just go and swim anywhere,
man.
You would get you,
oh,
maybe.
I don't know.
I think it's,
you got to go up the coast anyway.
If you're going to go out in the water around here,
you have to like get away from population density.
What do you want to think about that garbage patch situation?
That's a scary thing.
Oh yeah.
What's that passion?
The middle of the Pacific Ocean.
I think that there's more than one guy or whatever they call or they call it the
North Atlantic gyre guyers and there's a weird name for it.
This is just dead,
just dead water and nothing's living in it.
She's like,
no,
I'm talking about the garbage patch.
They'd go,
yeah,
the fucking,
they have a weird name for it.
Like the north,
there's a name for it called,
they call it a gyres.
I Dunno.
Look,
I'm talking about where all the garbage from all the different countries pools
up into Warren.
I know.
And it's all swirled together.
It's like rubber duckies or is a different thing with dead dead water.
Like they've had like mass fish die offs and like,
oh no,
I was happening.
We're talking about,
okay.
We are,
So when we're talking about is this big slick of uh,
I mean not even,
it goes below the surface,
deep below surface of plastic.
It's like,
like the size of a state.
Like it's enormous.
It's like Texas sized and it's just the one spot where in a lot of it is like
broken down because apparently they're like,
it's like,
it's a lot of it is plastic and after a long time in the ocean,
all this plastic is broken down to just like this Google lobby fucking shit man.
And it's an enormous area that is covered in garbage.
Yeah.
The people who were discovering it with the people who discovered this and then
the people who have been investigating it,
the scientists were horrified,
you know,
I mean,
what a,
what a crazy discovery to find out that,
you know,
when you go,
well these people are living right next to the ocean and the ocean seems to be
okay.
No the fuck it does.
No,
there's giant patches.
All People's bullshit that they've thrown in there.
Yeah.
Just rolls in in the middle.
I might my um,
and no way to fix it either.
It my,
uh,
my um,
my mom has some property on this little island off the coast of Georgia and it's
like kind of like empty out their ally.
Ally,
you go walking on the beach there because no one's there you go walking on the
beach there and the shit that comes up on that beach,
it's like,
dude,
it's the weirdest fucking thing cause it's like bottles from Jamaica in like,
like there was,
we found like one of those old like refugee rafts that somebody had like
fabricated together just kind of twisted and washed up there.
It's so fucking weird how interconnected everything is via the ocean.
It's really,
really strange that the current,
she's Carrie like coconuts and it's fucking,
it's crazy and it's like people,
I love to live under the illusion that we're not all connected.
That's one of the things that people really like to believe,
that there's no interrelation between what you do in the rest of the world and
what the rest of the world does and you when the truth of the matter is we're
completely connected in every single fucking way.
We're all one big thing pretending that it's an end.
It's,
it's made up of individuals and the result of that kind of thinking is you get
fucking a giant patch,
a dead water in the middle of the ocean and like that's not if,
and then like that's not affecting other things.
God knows what that's affecting.
The like having that much dead space that used to be alive and filled with fish
and dolphins and whales and God knows what else.
She's dead space.
I use this quote in the last podcast,
but I'll say it again because you're here because it's the perfect quote.
Some guy said that the human race and the way it deals with the environment and
the resources is like people that are living in a 10 story building and every
day you go down to the first floor and you pull a couple bricks out and then you
get on the roof and you start building another floor.
Okay.
For now,
but we all know that eventually it's going to fall apart.
They shit isn't going to work.
Well,
he's never going to be president.
That's a choke candidate.
It's like Sarah Palin entertainment candidate.
Yeah,
well he's talking crazy.
You know when,
when you,
when you started talking about his is seven,
seven,
nine,
whatever the fuck it is,
tax plan,
that's just,
everyone looks at that and goes,
get the fuck outta here.
It's going to cost people more money.
It's going to cost the 99% more money.
What about the one,
this is a stupid,
they're going to save money.
The 1% are going to pay less.
You know,
you're,
you're supposed to pay more than 9% taxes when you got billions of dollars,
man,
the fuck Outta here.
Time to move to Canada.
This guy is a,
a real like no nonsense sort of,
uh,
extremist character,
right?
You gotta be extreme and athlete.
That's another funny thing is like people right now that's,
that's a uh,
um,
insult.
That's what they say when they're trying to discredit some of their [inaudible].
He's an extremist,
but it's like,
it's a fireman that's in a house with a sledgehammer bashing down doors to get
your kids to pull him out because the house is on fire.
That's an extreme is too,
he's got to be a fucking extreme as he can't go into the house and kind of
piddle around and be like,
oh,
see I watch watching TV and then I'll go get you.
Get your,
your daughters.
I was part of what is your point?
My point is that right now the overpopulation,
the fact that um,
there's so many people on the planet and that there's horrific wars happening.
People have nuclear weapons.
Maybe it's a time where people need to be extremist.
Maybe you need to be Herman Cain.
Oh No,
not until you're talking about though.
I thought you were talking about the guy who gave you that awesome quote about
taking breaks out from under the house.
Oh,
okay man.
Sorry,
I got a lot.
I don't know what you're saying.
You're like,
suddenly I'd become,
suddenly I'd become a supporter of Herman.
Cain didn't understand.
I thought you were being need cane.
No,
I'm sorry I got confused.
Yeah.
Well,
yeah,
we certainly need something different than now.
And You keep saying look like as if there's a leader.
If there's one person that's going to pull it off.
And I keep saying that.
I think that's one of the coolest things about this whole occupy Wall Street
thing is cause I don't think there's a fucking leader.
You know,
there's no leader.
You can't arrest one person and then the whole thing shuts down.
There's not one figurehead.
There's not one voice.
You know,
I've heard Janine Garafalo talking about it,
but you know,
she's not the voice.
Who's the voice?
There's no voice.
I don't know.
I mean,
people
who've got like really smart,
they're these got,
when I went down to occupy Wall Street there,
these guys who have a podcast called red list or radio and they like,
they've like really explained a lot of shit about the Federal Reserve and
quantitative to me in a way that like really helped me understand it.
So I don't,
I'm not saying it needs some central leader,
but I think it,
it definitely,
it can't hurt to have some like nodes that are,
you know,
aggregators of whatever the information coming at is,
which we already kind of have with like reddit.
You can go and read it and get good up to date information on ows and stuff.
But I think it's evolving.
I think it's going to evolve into something and eventually there will be,
there's gotta be someone if you don't want it to just be a chaotic mass,
unless you believe that there's some kind of gestalt that's going to happen with
this group of people that's going to somehow harmonize and create some kind of
a,
there's going to be an uh,
an uh,
an effect,
some kind of weird effect from all this.
Uh,
all these people,
you know,
having sort of the same idea then cool.
But someone's got is someone still has to be like,
here's what we'd like to see changed,
here's what we want to have happen.
And they are doing that.
They're saying,
you know,
abolish the Federal Reserve.
That's one of the things they want to have happen.
They want to tax,
well there's different versions of this,
but tax like stock transactions or Tax Wall Street,
there's like they want to do that.
I think they want to tax the,
well I don't know what they all want.
You can't say what they all want cause then they'd all don't want that.
But there is stuff that keeps bubbling up about their basic demands.
That does seem to be really question,
what does this kind of accomplished?
That's the real question.
That's why it's so exciting to me cause this is a period of uncertainty.
You know,
there's,
it's really obvious that people were pissed off.
It's really obvious that the cat is out of the bag.
Everyone knows this is a corrupt system.
It's horribly,
horribly corrupt.
The congress is corrupt.
Congress is bought and paid for.
The president is bought and paid for.
Everyone's bought and paid for it and no one's doing anything to stop any of
this fucking hoarding that's going on.
No one's doing.
The fact that Obama,
when he gave the bailouts was trying to limit people,
limit the rewards to $500,000.
You remember that?
Yup.
As if,
well,
they need more than everyone else.
Right?
We live with them to 500 that like what?
No.
And she'd be,
they get nothing.
They get none of them get anything.
If your fucking company needs to get bailed out,
you don't get to get rewards.
You don't get huge giant fucking corporate payouts because it's in your
contract.
You know,
your contract doesn't exist.
There's no fucking business anymore.
It's all done.
You can't,
you store all the fucking money.
You guys rob,
do you don't,
you don't get a big bonus for that fuck head.
Do you,
do you,
do you think this is part of the,
uh,
global awakening that everyone has been predicting forever,
this kind of transitional shift and conscious?
Yes,
I think so.
I think,
you know,
there's obviously right now the financial system is insanely complicated.
You know,
I've tried many,
many times to sit down and truly wrap my head around stocks and bonds and
dividends and shorting.
I've,
I've given it a real good,
like solid auditing of how the whole process works and it's fucking insanely
complicated.
It's,
there's so many players,
so many pieces,
so many things.
And just the idea behind confidence raising and lowering the value of something
and stocked,
climbing and falling,
the whole thing being alive and mobile and constantly fluctuating.
It's like,
what the fuck is this?
Right?
What the fuck do you got going on here?
What kind of,
this is what we're running our system on.
We're wanting the money of our system on this crazy,
unpredictable,
sporadic fucking pulsating changing thing.
Yeah.
Numbers,
ups and downs and so by,
this is the fun.
This chaos is the foundation of our society.
I'm like,
wow,
that's Kinda nutty that that shouldn't be that way,
that the society should be much more stable.
I understand that people have gotten insanely wealthy through the situation and
they don't want to change it because they,
they get good at it and they know how to continue to be insanely wealthy through
this situation,
but that ain't right,
man.
It's supposed to be based on something.
It's supposed to be one piece of gold equals one donkey.
That's the,
that's the easy way for us to do it.
Yeah.
You start getting into the stock markets and dividends.
I understand that there's,
there's a need for credit.
I understand there's a need for a lot of things.
I understand there's a lot of,
there's a lot of shit that's going on where it's going to be weird where people
are holding money and saving money and put money here and Zeros there.
But it's gotta be a way more simple system than the system we have now because
there's too much room to fuck with it.
There's too much room for shenanigans,
you know,
the,
and it doesn't have to be the system we operate under.
The system we operate under should be simple and stringent and should it be
really easy to follow and that's way easier said than done.
But that's what we really need to do.
Well yeah,
it's,
it's definitely,
that's a big part of it.
But there's like a thing underneath that too,
which is that the,
the people have got to start learning that.
Buying constantly thinking that you need to have new shit.
Yeah,
that's bad.
But you know what's worse interest.
You know what's worst?
This idea that a credit card company can charge you 30 fucking percent on your
money.
The,
this idea that,
you know,
interest for the longest time was illegal.
It was against the law.
You,
you couldn't ask for interest,
but people,
what I'm saying is for hundreds of years those credit card companies,
and again this is like,
I know right now this is a long way away,
maybe will never happen,
but that couldn't function.
Credit card companies couldn't function if people had learned till like gain
pleasure from things that weren't just meant the Wa wasn't based on matters.
Well that's sort of silly because when,
when were they,
are they allowed to buy things?
Sure.
What if they don't want to have a fucking stack of money on that?
No credit cards.
I'm sure you know you can.
No,
you can totally like,
like what Brian said,
he grew up poor and he wants to get an Xbox and all that stuff,
but I think that it's people's is people start getting smarter and start
evolving.
What hopefully will happen is people will be able to distinguish that.
I will overcome this idea that they're going to be happier if they have a really
nice car.
You are correct.
I think you're
naive in your portrayal of what credit cards get used for.
I think most people,
especially people with families,
they use their fucking credit cards to eat right,
and these are credit cards to put gas in their car.
These are credit cards to pay for things that don't have a big pile of money.
It's not simply a matter of the entire country is filled with materialists that
have overstepped their boundaries.
No,
there's people out there struggling,
dude,
and that's what they use their credit card for it.
It's not saying if you didn't have a credit card,
you know you'd be better off because you wouldn't
be a materialist.
No,
no,
no.
I know exactly what I'm saying.
I know it seems naive,
but it is.
I'm,
I'm saying like the,
you're addressing the x,
you're addressing the external manifestation of an internal problem that's
existing in our culture as a,
as an idea of what it means to be happy.
That's what I think.
I think that,
and I know people need credit cards now to pay for their family and all that
stuff,
but hey for other credit card pay for other credit cards.
But I know a lot of people are the,
their lives have gotten to the point where they get an a in this fucking car
that they use credit to buy,
to drive to a job,
to,
to drive two hours,
a two hour commute to get to a job where they have to work all fucking day long
and then they come back in a two hour commute completely exhausted and they
think this is the way we're supposed to be living.
That's no way to live.
That's a terrible way.
Right?
You're right.
So,
but what's the alternative?
Well that's,
that's I think the idea is to begin to open yourself up to the alternative.
You are clearly,
it's something to do with staying more local.
Make it like having communities of people that I'm not saying let's go back to
villages.
Joe.
What I'm saying.
There is something to be said for communities of people that are living close
together and doing more than just waving at each other when they walked down
this way
street.
That's,
but that's a broad solution for a singular problem that a person has if they are
stuck in that sort of a situation.
Like what is the solution for a guy who does have credit and does have a fucking
car and does have a mortgage and has a family and is driving fucking an hour and
a half every day to go to work.
What does a solution for that guy?
Because it's not a village.
Well,
no,
no the,
I mean the solution for that guys to like start working its way out of those
fucking handcuffs.
Right.
But that's the real problem.
The most people find themselves in the,
most people find themselves in the situation where they make barely enough money
to get by and not nearly enough money to break free.
Well,
to step away and to be able to,
I mean it's a tear,
especially if you have children.
Well that's the,
that's that.
See you know,
a lot of people when they came to the United States,
there were intentional communities that happen.
I had this great book on Utopias where people were coming here like the people
came here,
like the pilgrims,
they wanted to start religious utopias.
That's what they were trying to do is like restructure society in a way that
they could live in a,
in a,
um,
in paradise and it kind of like Christian based paradise.
It didn't clearly didn't work.
It turned into it turned into this.
Right.
But the,
so what you'll hear,
it's the same thing you hear about communism.
When you hear about like people saying they want to create like an alternate as
another society or experiment with a new way to live.
People are like,
it doesn't work.
You can't do it.
Making these
alternative communities doesn't work.
There's no way.
They always fall apart.
They always collapse.
They end up like Waco or whatever.
But I think there is a way to do it.
I don't know.
Yeah,
I haven't gotten high enough yet.
I haven't eaten enough mushrooms.
Yeah.
But I do think that there is a way to do it.
I don't know what it is.
It has to be a small number of people.
I think when you get over a certain amount of people,
there's a thing called diffusion of responsibility and it's like if you're
around,
if there's 300 people there,
you're more likely to get raped.
And if there's three,
because there's 300 people there,
all those people think someone's going to help someone's gonna step in,
someone's going to step in and help,
but no one does.
And they don't feel responsible because there's so many other people there.
Well,
no one did.
I didn't step in,
but no one did.
If it's just you and that one person getting raped,
you feel obligated.
Right?
Do you have responsibility?
You're a human being.
You're right there.
And when you,
we get past the diffusion of responsibility number with human beings,
which is exactly why we all should have a real philosophical problem with drones
and wars overseas with people that we don't understand and we don't know.
We don't know why we're doing this.
It's easy when it's so many people and it's so far away,
it's way over there.
But if it's right here at home,
then it,
then it hits you fucking hard.
Then you feel that responsibility,
the weather underground bring the war back home.
Human beings I think are still designed in a system or our minds function in a
system that works with a small group of people where we know everybody when we
branch out of that,
we are not designed to deal with the elect the internet,
like communicating with people in complete anonymity.
Why do you think people are such fucking complete rabbit cons online?
Well,
because they're frustrated in their everyday life and when they get online they
have this anonymity and they could just lash out at people and fuck with people
and score points and they actually enjoy it.
They get off on it.
Yeah.
Do you think we could ever get to a point where we could be like every state is
their own country?
Like how it should be,
you know,
like how it is.
It's kind of like you had to state law but have less,
uh,
of a,
a nation government.
They're there to protect,
but we fuck with too many other countries,
man.
National fraternities.
That's it.
Yeah.
But the,
they won't do that because then they start fucking putting you in situations.
Look,
Eisenhower warned about the military industrial complex and it sounds like some,
you know,
Alex Jones sounds like some nutty shit when,
you start talking about the idea that people are trying to go to war for money,
but they fucking arm man.
And the only way to keep people a and war is you have to,
you have to force people,
you have to fucking make them go a tad people,
you have to,
you have to ship them over to different places.
Yeah.
You know,
you have a bunch of states.
If every state really was like its own country and the United States didn't act
as a whole,
it wasn't out there fucking around with all these different parts of the world.
We wouldn't have,
you know,
it would be completely different setup.
Well it seems like that would make a lot more sense because it seems like it's
too fucked up on a large scale.
That breaking it down into 50 pieces would be the only way that really save,
you know,
get any kind of order from it.
The only way to get any order out of it is it's got a breakdown and then be
rebuilt properly.
That is a,
that idea is a,
is an idea that I,
some I teeter on.
I,
I'm cause I,
well I don't want it to,
I don't want it to break.
I don't want it to break down.
I don't want the fucking thing to collapse and I don't want to,
I don't,
I like,
I like my life and I like it here and I don't want the power to shut off and I
don't want to,
I don't want,
so I,
so,
but I,
I,
I consider it and I keep thinking like,
well probably it's going to require some kind of blip at that level for
everything to get better.
But I,
I love,
you know,
wedding,
my mind gets it.
Or like,
okay,
but what if there's another option?
What if those are options technology?
The other option is there's going to be,
this is what I believe.
If I had to guess what I think is going to happen,
barring natural disasters or any extreme world conflict that becomes nuclear,
what's going to happen is we're going to have some sort of,
have a connection through,
through online communication that literally allows people to look inside each
other's heads.
Yeah.
That's what I think to amp up that.
Do you think the same way?
Oh
fuck yeah,
man,
I've thought that.
I've thought it's the ultimate.
It's,
yeah.
What it is is it allows you to experience another yeah.
Person's conscience.
Yes,
exactly.
Exactly.
Do it allows you to even be inside another person's mind,
you know,
and then we all can link up as one mind and that's not the,
that's not nearly as difficult as it sounds when you think about what we've
already been able to,
to the fact that we can send video through the fucking sky.
You know,
when I was in Australia,
my wife was sending me pictures of the baby and she sends me pictures of the
baby and I get them in a second blip,
right?
Images,
photos,
video.
It's fucking craziness,
man.
The idea behind it is insane.
You can send a fucking picture and somehow or another it goes through these.
Where does it go?
It goes through the air and that eventually hit some fucking metal box.
It's got electricity and it sends it to the other side of the fucking planet in
a second.
All right.
Through the ocean and over the sky.
How the fuck is it even getting there?
Who knows?
I have no idea,
but I know it was their bank and that to me is way crazier,
way crazier than the ability to experience someone else's consciousness.
You explain the experience,
your consciousness,
right?
You are.
You tuned into your own contracts.
You're there,
you're inside your head.
How do we know it's not just a simple frequency?
I can just tune into it and when your mind and my mind lock up together and
become one consciousness,
that's a funny moment to that mode because what would happen is that as this
technology began to spread,
it wouldn't,
you know,
start off in a laboratory where one scientist would merge minds with another
scientist and now it changed our lives forever.
Just merging minds with one person in a real way.
It's going to forever change you because you'll know how similar you are to
someone out.
You'll know if maybe you're completely different.
Maybe this person is actually happy and your whole life you've been lying about
app being happy to yourself and suddenly feels someone who's really happy and
you're like,
oh shit.
That's what it feels like.
That's what real happiness feels like.
And then you know how to become happy yourself.
So what would happen is it would spread from the laboratory.
It would spread out,
but eventually people would rise up against it.
They'd be like,
don't plug into the mind.
If you plug into the mind,
you won't want to come back.
You won't be able to come back to your life.
People would fight it.
It would be a form of suicide.
Because after you've experienced consciousness at the scale of the merged minds
of like 15 million people,
how are you going to come back to your one little mind?
It would just turn into these pods of people just get out of my head,
you freaks.
I gotta go beat off.
Uh,
now it's going to beat off into the hive mind.
Fuck yeah,
the sex,
there'd be huge or gs online.
It would be these,
it would be probably be like just some massive orgasm because like also think of
the learning,
so okay,
I don't know how to do like Jujitsu,
but I merged consciousness with someone who's an expert at it and suddenly I'm
like,
learn everything that they know about it.
You would,
everyone would instantaneously gained the information of everyone else.
Everyone become experts simultaneously and that would create like a surge
forward and evolution.
I think that's that fucking singularity McKenna is talking about is it's
everybody's like the computers are going to crush us.
It's like,
no,
that's not what it is.
We're just going to merge with them or we're going to become part of a,
of a electronic web of consciousness.
And the moment everyone becomes an expert,
that's the moment that you know with our minds together.
That's when you create the time.
As you know,
that's when he create teleportation or that's when you create some new form of
life.
Seems like it's inevitable,
inevitable and it is inevitable.
It's an,
you said this to me once Brian,
about uh,
about um,
the human brain.
You said it's input output.
It's like,
Oh,
you have to do is figure out what the fucking output is of this electricity up
in the,
in your brain.
Understand how that works.
Figure out a way to input that into a machine where it can decode it and then
you've got it.
Then you've like,
then you have electronic telepathy and they were already verging on.
They're already sort of learning how to identify certain like patterns in the
brain.
You know how like they can show someone,
they can do a brain scan on someone and show them a picture of a room and tell
if they've been in that room or not.
Do you know about that?
So it's like that's pretty crazy.
It's fucked up man.
It's fucked up.
If you want to try to get away with something because credible go,
you've been in here before.
He's like,
no,
I'm never seen it before.
No,
you definitely have like we can tell it's just the next step is,
okay,
well can we extract images from a person's mind?
Can we start with,
we've talked about this before,
the video,
they've already done this.
So then,
then that's the,
that's it man.
Then it's really crude right now,
but you know I'm still
looks pretty good.
It looks kind of like if you were to blow up an old cell phone video from 1991
or something like that and blow it up big.
So yeah,
that's an a,
it's inevitable.
So then the next step of course is going to be like,
you know,
perfecting that technology.
Then the next step is going to be like,
okay,
so I know that when someone's feeling happiness,
then this is the part of his brain that gets activated,
so now all I've got to do is like record that activated part of his brain,
play that video back inside someone's brain,
figure out a way to stimulate someone else's brain with that same activity and
boom,
instead of fucking you'll have,
there'll be emotional records.
You know what I mean?
Instead of like record players,
there'll be like these emotional devices where he,
where it'll be like the feelings of a summer day.
I don't even know if we're going to get that indulgent man.
If we all link up.
I think the linkup was probably going to be before the recording.
I think the linkup is probably going to come first.
I'm hoping.
I'm hoping it doesn't just become a self indulgent wine fest.
We'll get together and,
I don't know,
there'll be recording rank and watch people experience breakups of terrible
breakouts.
It's all memories of breakups that go through it on purpose.
Oh,
I got,
I went through the worst breakup last night.
How a husband came home.
It's not your husband,
it's just fucking thing.
Okay.
But in the,
in the program,
my husband came home,
we had four children together,
we were struggling and he was running off to Mexico with a secretary and I was
devastated.
And he said,
let the kids starve.
I don't give a fuck.
And he left me.
It was,
it was horrible.
And he hit me and he fucked me.
And then he left.
Man.
People write reviews of them people.
If that was what your real memory and people would cry and then we'd go,
oh my God,
you want a good cry,
you have to try this and you'll get really happy like award shows for best
breakups and yeah.
You know,
best
via about this.
Where like they of course there was like,
there was this underground yeah.
Tapes of it and shit.
Well,
yeah,
I think that like,
I think it's going to,
uh,
it's definitely going to get to that place.
I can't wait.
Well,
the idea of you can see something,
okay.
If you look at something and then that registers as an image and you can see
that image on a computer.
What about your imagination?
What about,
is it possible to see,
I mean,
you're not seeing anything,
but what?
Where is,
where is it?
What's being registered?
When you were having a visual experience in a dream,
what exactly,
where's that registering?
Right.
It's registering in your imagination,
I guess.
Is there a frequency that can be tuned into just like it is with that image when
you see it from the eyes,
is there a frequency that can be tuned into it?
Yeah,
it must be.
Must Be,
right?
It's gotta be,
it's,
I mean it's definitely something's happening and there's some,
some biochemical reaction that's happening that's producing the effect of you
watching fucking werewolf 69
they sound all boiled down to we're going to,
we're just going to slowly break down the matter of reality itself.
That's what we're at right now.
You know,
Makenna described what's going to happen with the exponential increase in the,
in,
in technology that it's like a funnel and then if you spin a quarter around the
lip of the funnel,
it takes a long time to go around in a circle.
But as it gets lower and lower in the funnel,
it picks up speed and it goes faster and faster and faster.
And that's really what it's like.
It takes it just a millisecond to make a full revolution now.
Whereas before it was years.
Yeah.
That's,
and,
and yeah,
it's going to be,
and we're experiencing the very,
very beginning of that.
And it's weird how a lot of that is like coming out and like the form of cell
phones.
Do you think that that's too convenient?
What the world is going to change and the,
the,
the reality itself is going to change during the time of your life?
I'm never,
do you ever stop and think that wow,
maybe this is a work of fiction?
Well,
no I don't.
I don't think,
I can't think it's a work of fiction because you w in our,
in this year,
if you watch technological advances this fucking year,
this year for the first time,
as far as I know,
because I know that the phones have had voice recognition technology,
but this year for the first time in human history we have now we now we have a
device or you can talk to it like a person.
I don't think you can understand what I'm saying.
I'm saying life itself,
a work of fiction.
Oh right.
This is,
this is too convenient stories theory.
Fuck that.
So much of it seems so bizarre and so much of it seems so fake.
And you know,
speaking of Breitbart,
he's the one who busted Andrew Wiener for showing his cock.
You know?
I mean,
you know you,
you know what I'm saying?
Like these wars,
this economy,
occupy Wall Street rising up,
just as you're getting older,
this is,
your body is slowly starting to slow down and you're checking your heart from
weird things.
Every now and then and meanwhile everything's picking up overseas.
Don't,
don't,
don't.
There's more war and then we might go to war with Iran.
Ooh.
It's almost like as your life becomes more and more complex and reaches the
inevitable end,
yeah.
Your story is getting more and more complicated.
Your story is getting more and more involved.
Your story,
the story of the world that you live in,
this,
this work of imagination that whoever the fuck is hearing this has created in
each one of us has created our own little version of it and they're all
intertwined inexorably and some just crazy meshy matrix of reality and thinking
and love and peace and anger and bullshit and all intertwined together.
Just signals,
just ones and Zeros flying around through fucking space.
And as you get further and further along your version of it just more and more
fucked.
The point where you can't drink the water anymore and this guy's fucking brown
and pollution and earthquakes and war and crackings cracking crackings they
fell.
They found evidence of a crack and they believe that at one point the dinosaur
bonds.
Yeah.
They believe at one point in time there was a giant mother,
mother fucker of an octopus that was just a good,
they have fossils of imprints of giant suction cups.
It's one of the things that led them to believe this and the dinosaur graveyards
that were clearly arranged,
the same octopus's arrange or Octopi arrange their kill.
Right?
Yeah.
And so they think that,
you know,
the idea that sailor is always afraid of the crack.
And that might've been a real animal at one point in time,
but it was a soft tissue animal like an octopus is.
So when it,
it's gone,
it's gone.
It doesn't leave any evidence.
Um,
yeah.
So you think that that's,
that's novelty.
That's like McCain is novelty stuff like that popping up is like,
cause Mckenna talked about how his wife
thinking that this whole thing might be someone's imagination.
It might be your imagination.
It might be my imagination now.
It'd be a combination of everyone's imagination.
I mean things are real.
They,
there's real laws to this life.
Yeah.
Cause are,
but it,
God damn,
it operates like a work of fiction.
Well,
yeah,
it's a,
yeah.
Yeah,
it does kind of seem like that.
It does seem like,
you know,
like you'll run into somebody,
like sometimes you'll,
you'll run into someone that you haven't seen in a long time and you've,
and you've thought about him and it just stopped.
Oh,
hides of running into them or,
but,
and you know,
people will quotes too,
two sticks and people would try to talk you out of thinking that way and they'll
tell you,
well,
I went through my entire life and I'm real and you're not,
you didn't just think me up.
And I have a memory of my childhood and I'm really good at football.
And I learned how to play that over years and years of hard work.
So I'm not a part of your fucking imagination,
pal.
I'm a real person.
You might be a part of your own imagination.
Am I you,
you might be creating your thing with your imagination as I create mine with
mine.
And they intertwined.
It's not either or.
You know what this reminds me of,
and stop me if I've already said this before,
but I,
did I ever talk about the idea of what would happen if the universe suddenly
gained consciousness out of nothingness?
Did ever talk about this idea I had?
I ain't tripping.
It's like so like,
cause I was thinking like,
okay,
what happened?
What would happen if the universe woke up?
All of a sudden now there's nothing was here.
It was nothing.
That's pre big bang conditions,
right?
Right.
Universe wakes up.
Pure consciousness,
pure fucking consciousness,
no differentiation.
Just consciousness.
Just pure awareness,
right?
Nobody but infinitely conscious of itself.
Completely aware.
Now I was thinking like that the initial reaction to that sense of being aware
that you're nothing that your nothingness,
he,
it's,
it's this weird resonance.
It would create horror is what it would do is create this anguished terror from
waking up and realizing you're here,
you're some primordial thing and then that terror would be,
I don't get it.
Why?
Well it's like a,
would that be terror?
Especially if you don't have a body and you have no ego.
Where's the terror?
The terror comes from this.
This idea came,
came to me and I was thinking like what would happen if something fucked up and
my consciousness got trapped and like a table or something like that.
You know what I mean?
Oh,
is tripping.
I was on Lsd and I was thinking,
cause I was looking at,
I was,
this is when I was in science class and I still remember I was tripping in high
school.
I had my head in my arms and I was looking at the fucking table and for a second
it felt like my consciousness had shifted into the table and was kind of like
trapped there.
It isn't a school thought that everything has a consciousness.
I mean,
yeah,
I mean I've,
we've talked about it several times at planets may very well be some sort of a
super organism that can express itself in movement to us.
So we don't think of it as a,
as a living thing or was it a conscious thing,
but the whole planet might have a type of consciousness.
Imagine that scene.
Let's,
let's just put into this weird idea.
The idea that this infinite consciousness had some ability to experience
aloneness,
you know,
loneliness,
aloneness.
It was just by itself
Nicholas.
Cause that's a human idea or an animal id.
And the only reason why you have this feeling of needing to be with someone is
because that's how you fucking stay alive and not get eaten by Jaguars.
It's built into fortunately spirit.
But my point is you're attaching like these human,
you are the universe.
We are the universe,
humans are the universe,
right?
But where we are obviously here with a task,
we are obviously some weird little crazy button push and monkey with a task and
this,
this need for this task has ingrained into us all of these,
these really needy characteristics that you can't associate gods with how we're
we're,
I'm not saying God at all,
I'm saying universal consciousness.
The universe itself,
we are one inarguable thing is we're an extrusion of the universe.
That's what we are.
We're the universe in extruding itself,
in the form of a thing that is capable of feeling loneliness.
It is capable of what you're saying is that the universe is everything,
including people separately.
The whole universe isn't just the planets.
It's not just the stars.
It's every organism,
every,
so we're a partner.
We're worthy universe.
Yeah.
Experiencing itself in this specific way.
The universe has
divided itself.
The university's divided itself into a lot of shit.
And part of that shit is feeling lonely,
pain,
suffering,
anchor,
text,
horror,
happiness,
joy,
all of it.
It is the universe experiencing itself.
There's no way to to uh,
deny that you,
if you,
unless you think humans aren't part of the universe,
unless you think you're some kind of thing that's distanced or outside of
everything else,
you are part,
you are infinity sticking its head into this little bubble of whatever this
place is and feeling.
So I,
what I thought was maybe what fucking happened was,
uh,
this,
this consciousness,
it or what did happen is we do know it exploded.
We don't know if there was something before the Big Bang,
but we do know it blew up.
Something exploded.
So I'm thinking maybe it had some kind of fucking nervous breakdown.
It's shattered into a bunch of fucking infinite pieces of which we're one part,
we're part of that we're,
what we are is one tiny little broken shard of the universe that blew up a long
time ago.
And it's like what I considered what I thought would be like this initial state
of absolute are I think everyone in their own lives in their own ways,
dealing with it in a very small level,
the fear of death,
the fear of merging back into the,
the fear,
all that stuff manifest in your life is these like is his fear and,
and,
and weakness.
And it's like we're like tiny little fragments of the universe trying to fix
itself on a minuscule level.
That's what I was thinking when I was tripping out.
I see good people,
uh,
in a different way.
And I think the reason why we have a ego and desire and lust and greed and
selfishness and you know,
any,
any jealousy and Yg,
all of these issues,
they're all negatives and positives.
They are all pullers.
There are tractors to get us to do specific things and most importantly to make
sure that things stay in motion and that people continue to innovate and they
continue to want to produce things and continue to want to do things that are
special so that they get attention or money or reward or could pile up objects.
And I think that all these things,
whether their greed or selfishness or jealousy or fear or lost,
all of them are,
are essentially numbers or equations in the,
in a grand scheme of mathematical,
like,
what's the word,
not not an algorithm,
but like a program like literally like every thing that exists,
whether it's hot or cold or pleasure or pain or all these different things that
the human animal in any other animal experiences or to guide that animal into a
certain direction to make sure the deer can keep breathing and staying alive to
feed all the mountain lions,
it's gotta be difficult to catch it.
Here's a branch,
snap,
boom.
The ears turn,
they're very big.
They pick up everything.
Why?
Why is all that there?
That's all that there is cause that deer better be scared as fuck cause that
mountain line can run fast bitch.
All right,
you're going to get fucked.
So if you want to keep reading,
you want to stay alive.
You have to be a scare fee.
Scaredy cat little deer that freaks out.
Yeah.
All the shit that we have is designed to make us move and the way that we're
moving right now,
all of our fears,
anxieties,
greed,
everything.
If I looked at it,
I look at it as like a program.
I don't,
I don't look at it as like the universe is going to be feel fearful like we are
and it is fearful like you are actually scared.
This is consciousness is like we are.
I don't think that at all.
I think that we are moving in this very certain direction and we are influenced
by these very certain feelings and energies and emotions because we have a goal
to do and we we,
we were here on some sort of a weird task of accomplishing something,
taking probably most likely the human animal to the next stage of evolution.
Whether it's some sort of a symbiotic connection that we're going to have with
computers,
whatever it is.
But it seems to me to be progress and technology driven.
All of it,
all of it,
all the greed and lust and material possessions and everything.
Everything that that fuels human beings and all this is this existential
wanting,
you know?
And that I think is because that's,
that's just like the be swarming around the queen and making a beehive.
I think it's the same thing.
I think we're,
we're moving in a way
that's far more complex and we have this,
you know,
the,
the illusion of free will and,
and all these other things that are sort of,
you know,
guiding us to believe that there's a much more grandiose thing,
a plan to all.
But this,
these,
these polls and this ego and fear and death and the longing and loading,
it might really just be a part of our program that keeps us moving.
What is it?
What is mechanical?
It,
it's a strange attractor is that idea.
So it's like there's a magnet in the future,
not to downward for it,
but there's a thing and if future that's drawing us towards it and causing us to
organize is it pulls us closer.
Yep.
It's the Omega point daily.
Our Day Xarden it's like there's a Jesuit priest talked about this too,
which is that,
right?
There's an organizing principle in the future that's drawing as towards it and
that sort of like spiral that we're moving towards.
Yeah.
It's a nature.
Yes,
he had an n.
Yeah,
but Mckenna had a really interesting way of looking at it because Mckenna,
his idea was that there is a foregone conclusion.
There is a an end point that must be reached in that what this,
this endpoint does is it makes things become more and more complex as they reach
it,
until it literally manifests itself.
It's manifesting itself in our innovation and human beings in general in the,
the massive explosion of change that we have in just a few thousand years have
imparted on this planet.
Like right now we're booting up,
but the earth has a computer and it's booting up and it's the,
it's about to go
all along and then it's going to be this.
The next thing.
And I,
I believe that,
but,
and I,
I think it's fascinating that the universe as you are in is I am an extrusion
of,
it talks about it as it's happening.
The Universe is trying to decode and understand what's happening to it in the
form of human philosophy and the form of science.
Or maybe it just does like you do when your xenon stage,
and maybe that's what the universe does.
Maybe the universe is when you tune into your best moments and you just do,
you just in that zone you become zen.
Maybe the universe is just ultimate zen.
What we're doing,
the Dow.
Exactly.
And what we're doing by tuning into it in little brief moments with brilliant
music or a great book or an incredible movie or something that just locks into
it.
Well we're doing is tapping into that groove that you hit when you truly hit
anything.
Excellent.
And that groove is the universe itself.
And that the universe has never scared and alone and all that.
That's silly.
It's Super Zen.
Why can you say,
but it is.
How can you say that?
Well,
because you know what?
The university,
I'm part of the universe,
so I just saying,
isn't it your fear?
I can tell you this,
this little stretch of the universe here,
sometimes it gets scared and feels lonely.
Well,
this little stretch of the universe is its own little thing,
but it's still part of the universe,
but it's just a little,
a little segment that got accomplished.
Got It.
It's got a a a task.
No,
you don't think that that's,
there's like all like sort of really pragmatic reasons for fears and for lust
and for desires goals.
I think their reason doesn't that I think I where it seems like we're where
we're,
I don't know if it's a disagreement,
but my,
my conception of it is it human beings,
just like any other thing in the world,
in the universe,
in space,
he's part of the university.
And as part of the universe,
that means that the experience,
the individual experience that you're having is a part of the universe.
Having the experience now,
the reasons that you're having the experience,
don't dis,
don't,
uh,
take away the fact that you're experiencing it.
So what I mean is if you're happy,
then you are one tiny little pixel of the universe experiencing happiness.
If you're scared,
you're one tiny little pixel of the universe experiencing fear,
you know,
and that sounds like a nice cop out.
It's not be a pussy.
You're like,
I'm not really a pussy.
It's the university university being a pussy through me.
That's hilarious.
The Ute I am,
while I'm crying is not a buzzy.
No,
you are.
I used to always say
waterfalls.
You automatically,
uh,
associated the universal consciousness with fear and terror.
And I,
and I think you're justifying it in a backdoor situation by saying that you're a
piece of the universe.
You,
you were talking about the universe being one consciousness.
We weren't talking about any human beings existing.
What do you think?
I don't know.
Dominators no.
If there's no goal that the human being has to achieve and if there's no
conscious awareness of the temporary existence of its lifespan,
because it's not a lifespan,
it's not alive.
It is universal consciousness.
That is the universe.
Why the fuck would it be scared?
That's my point.
Well,
I think the predominant mood on this planet is one of fear and,
Oh man,
I can't,
I couldn't disagree more.
I can't remember any more.
Yeah.
I think people were freaked out.
No Man,
people,
some people are freaked out.
Part of people are freaked out part of the day,
but if you added up 24 hours in the day and all of the people,
most people aren't,
it's not fucking mad max out there,
man.
It ain't that bad.
Oh No.
But Mad Max,
that kind of fear,
it would be better than the kind of fear that's infected people these days.
They kind of fear that's infected.
People these days is far worse than fighting some fucking Max bandit with a
flame thrower.
The fear,
the fear that people experience and not,
okay.
What fear of define [inaudible],
what fear are they experiencing all day?
Turn on the fucking watch the company.
Is it all newsman?
Cause no,
nothing new.
A lot of people out there having a good time.
I've met him,
man.
We were in Ontario,
California this weekend.
Had a great fucking time.
I meet,
I meet people having a great time too.
It's not the predominant mood is not fear.
Fear is an element in this world.
No doubt.
Okay.
I think people are,
I think a lot of people are scared.
Yes.
But they're also happy and they're all also horny and they're also drunk.
And you know,
there's a lot of different room on the dial.
There's room on the dial phones,
different emotions to say the predominant one is fear.
That's the primary in this country.
Really.
I think in this country,
man,
he look,
it's the times are hard just like all over the world.
[inaudible] orange,
they don't even do that anymore,
but they did it for a long time.
Okay.
But I don't,
I think that people are can dwell on that shit and it makes it way worse than it
really is.
I think for sure there's some fear out there.
But to say that it's the predominant emotion of people that are living their
everyday lives,
working and having sex and playing with their children and going to the movies.
I don't think the primary one is fear.
I think it's in there,
but I think fear and it's definitely not as much as it was after nine 11 you
know,
and shit like that.
I think if anything it's you,
you tend to lean towards the morose and either do line,
but you're applying these thoughts to the whole of humanity.
I don't mean it is a hopeless thing though.
I don't mean it is,
I don't mean fear as a hopeless thing.
Not at all.
I think you got to acknowledge it.
I don't know man.
But you don't have to acknowledge it.
If you just living life,
enjoying yourself,
go to Hawaii and see how people just chilling at the beach.
Do you know what it's like to live in Hawaii?
Is someone living in Hawaii?
Look it up.
They call it like the golden cage.
It's so fucking expensive to live there.
That to,
to,
to to,
you have to work like two or three jobs.
If you're a native Hawaiian,
it's really tough there.
So I mean,
maybe fear is the wrong word for it.
What does that have to do with just chill out?
Well,
no,
there's people on the culture is like a chilled out culture is what I'm saying.
I think there's tourists on the beach,
but also like,
what was it?
I feel like I'm to defend myself.
I feel like I'm going to have,
I'm dry,
I'm driving deeper and deeper into a pessimistic place.
And,
and I think that maybe the way that I chose my words is like not exactly
straight.
Sometimes in absolutes.
All right.
You know,
and I think you,
you,
you chase down an idea.
And I do,
I'm guilty as well.
Um,
you chase down an idea and sometime in chasing down that idea,
you discard or discount possible other ideas that might interfere with the path
that you're on.
You know?
And that is something that a lot of people do.
I do it too.
You know,
it's,
it's dissolved.
I wanted just to finish the thought what I was trying to get at doing it right
there.
I want to dissolve.
You want it to dissolve the fucking dissolve.
The fear and underneath that is love is love.
I think what I'm saying is I don't think the universe has any fucking fear at
all.
I think if the universe was a universal consciousness,
well,
one thing that knew everything and had,
and it was by itself,
I did,
I don't think it would tweak,
you know,
because I don't think it needs to be,
uh,
in the buddy system.
I think it's the fucking universe.
The universe is good.
Our fears that we have that are all biological and all of our fears that we have
about being alone and all pharaoh's about dying,
they're all biological.
They're all just these fail safe mechanisms designed to keep us running.
But the,
the university as a whole.
Okay.
The university as a whole and understanding that this poll is freaking out,
but as individual units it definitely,
parts of it aren't freaking out.
You not understand that you are applying individual units or something that you
initially said has no individual units.
The first thing you were saying was the universe would be nothing.
There was
nothing that big bang.
I'm glad you said this.
It lets me throw out an esoteric can do words and he said this.
Okay,
what is it?
The word is,
and I'm probably going to mispronounce it,
the word is a sink,
a sink of Beta Tada.
And what that word translates into is simultaneous oneness.
Indifference,
which is the explanation they give for the universe,
which is its existing,
uh,
as an entirety as a whole is a good start is one thing.
But also while it's existing as this one thing,
it's existing as infinite number of units,
units that are making it up.
And so those units that are making up the sum total,
some of those units,
their experiences,
one of fear or one of anger or the more negative emotions and whether or not
this is a biological imperative,
let's imagine humans didn't even exist it off.
It's just squirrels,
then the,
the or,
or animals.
Then those animals are still parts of the universe experiencing this certain
emotion.
Right.
But isn't that just so that they can keep breeding is,
are these just electrical signals that trigger certain behavior patterns that
allow them to continue to keep their little cycle or whatever the fuck they are
there for?
Whether they are to cultivate the ground so the trees grow better.
So they,
they,
you know,
they complete their cycles to dig an at the ground or whether they're the,
the human animal that,
you know,
that fucking sparks the atom that blows up the fucking earth.
Yes.
You know,
whatever it is that all these moves that they do in,
in,
there's no real fear.
It doesn't exist.
It's,
it's,
it's a,
it's a charge on the game,
uh,
an influence on the game.
It's still,
I mean,
you,
well,
let's,
why don't you know why I have to use the word fear.
Let's say it's like,
you know,
orgasm because they experience of orgasm is a chemical reaction that's part of
some grand,
um,
uh,
equation.
Working itself out doesn't negate the fact that orgasms exist or that they're
there.
They're obviously real.
So it is a,
it's a,
it's a real thing,
you know,
and whether or not we feel fear because we're in some predetermined,
uh,
we're in some predetermined thing that's working itself out or whether or not we
feel fear because we're,
um,
well,
fear is a motivator man.
Right?
It's really simple.
I mean,
we,
we have,
uh,
a lot of investment in fear.
We have a lot of investment in love.
We have a lot of investment in all these things that are just motivators that,
you know,
they,
they push us in certain directions,
keep us from things,
keep us,
you know,
you,
you learn from a bark,
bark,
bark animal can kill you,
run away.
You know,
you're scared of dogs.
This is,
there's all these things exist.
They're just,
they just move action.
Yeah.
They're just motivators.
Right.
I'm in no way trying to say that I understand the consciousness of the universe.
I'm in no way trying to say that.
You know I'm right and you're wrong.
What I'm trying to say is you automatically assume that the universe has fear
because it has consciousness.
I thought that was really telling.
I don't mean to keep going back to this point,
but the reason that,
oh,
right.
Oh yes.
I see what you're saying.
Then with the initial idea that the first thing that you would feel,
that's what you say,
you attached yourself.
What does that call to answer promoters when you,
you ask,
you think I projected my guys.
I made the ultimate that.
Okay,
so I get it.
Fear.
I made the ultimate narcissistic error rejecting narcissistic in what happens
when a baby pops out of a pussy for the first time they cry.
They freak out.
Yeah.
It's cause they changed environments a fucking cry.
So in that same way,
I think that when the universe first popped out,
this universal consciousness,
and I also must say that I do not know this.
Again,
to go back to the original point I made,
this happened while I was drooling onto my desk in a science class on acid,
but I think that the initial burst of the universe,
that feeling would be very similar to a baby crying.
What the fuck?
And it would break into a billion pieces with that.
What the fuck and that what the fuck is encapsulated and every single person and
it's our life task and maybe this purpose you're talking about,
maybe we agree on this point.
It's our life task to turn that what the fuck into this is awesome.
This is amazing.
Oh my God,
this is,
this is the best thing that could ever happen and maybe is that feeling begins
to escalate inside of people,
which are parts of the universe.
Then maybe it'll keep escalating and escalating and escalating to the universe
goes into this like amazing cascade into like eternal bliss,
eternal happiness,
a bliss that we can't even imagine that keeps exponentially increasing and
increasing and increasing and increasing.
And we're just one tiny node on this.
A movement towards that.
Both wrong.
What's the answer?
I don't know.
Prove me right
Brian.
Yeah,
but you guys are just talking to like for like 40 minutes on stuff that you both
can't be right or wrong with that.
No,
there's no right or wrong a unquestionably.
What's wrong with my problem is you as a person,
I know you very well and you lean towards fear.
You know,
and you,
you,
you have,
you know,
you're a very intelligent person and intelligent people for the most part are
more scared of things because you realize the variables,
you know and you,
you think of,
you know,
you think of it.
Think of a negative results.
When you were thinking,
you were talking about people and by the way folks sending mean messages on
Twitter.
We're not.
No one's arguing.
We're just talking.
And he's like,
what are people saying do to,
can talk?
You know,
you're not as open minded as you sound,
man.
We're throwing ideas.
No,
this is fun.
It's like,
I understand what we're doing.
We're,
we're throwing ideas around,
and I'm not saying that I'm writing,
I'm fucking for sure not right.
But what I'm saying is yet you can't,
it can't just say,
you know,
you can't say the universe has fear.
You can't say it's,
you know,
he can't eat these,
these subjects are so fucking twisted in bizarre that no one can have an
absolutely.
You know,
why are there so
fun to talk about?
And that's something,
Brian,
you seem to like,
you don't
checkout.
I hate what efs,
you don't want you wasting your time.
Like fake trying to figure that out.
You know,
going back and forth.
I got it.
I think it's,
you can't say it's your time because it's very
entertaining.
It's entertaining,
but there's no way into it because there's no answer to why does it have to have
an end?
Because that's how my mind thinks.
I want to figure out how shit works.
I don't want to fucking like,
that's just like wasting your time,
you know?
I'm not going to need to know what the secret to the life and universities have
as conscious.
If it's like a baby popping out giant,
how are you supposed to be spent?
How do you think you're supposed to be spending your time?
Uh,
trying to live in the now instead of living on something you will never figure
it out.
But part of living in,
but it's can,
it's interesting,
but there's no one's right or wrong though.
That's just,
that doesn't mean that you shouldn't have a cigarette.
That's why I think that's what I think I know.
So when you guys talk at what if,
so I just feel like I keep away from everything really deep though.
Even if it's not what is
making them stories that you think are right,
which aren't because you don't know.
No Man,
listen,
he's not just what iffing when he's talking about a human being being a
representative of the universe,
because it's
part of,
it's true.
It is true.
I agree with that.
Absolutely.
Agree with that,
but that doesn't mean that that,
that the universe has feelings.
You don't have feelings because you're part of the universe.
All right.
If you say it like that,
that means to tense.
That's what if you're calling and you're saying no,
you're saying,
well,
you're part of the university.
It goes back to what I was saying like a drum circle believe.
Do
you believe it's possible that we are all our own universe and that somehow or
another,
this isn't something that you can bang on with a hammer.
It's not.
The whole world isn't the material world of of things being solid,
but there is some sort of a fictional aspect to life and that it almost is like
your imagination and your mind and your,
your,
you know,
just your intent really does have some effect on physical reality and that all
of our physical reality is all of these seem to be the exact same thing that
were all inserted into.
We all have our own unique oneness and that are unique.
One.
This interacts with everyone else's unique one is,
which is why it's very important to surround yourself with positive people.
Then you surround yourself with a bunch of positive universes.
You create more and more positive energy,
more and more positive experiences.
More and more good things are happening to all the people around you.
More and more happiness is total interchange between each other.
That's how you really make a real community.
Right?
Right.
Yeah.
It's your association and so important and your own.
You're,
you're making a community,
making your own universe.
Man.
Did you have you?
I'm practically and Willie,
you know,
cause practically it's,
it's just a smart thing to surround yourself with good people,
but the idea that you don't,
we're not exactly sure with this fuzzy line between consciousness and
unconsciousness and sleeping and dreaming and it's all going on and on in one
cycle,
but we're not exactly sure what,
what,
what part of it we're playing all the time.
We have to hit on things to be sure.
You mean how many times have you had dreams where you,
oh,
it's a dream or to dream.
Oh,
it's a dream.
How do you not know that knocking out of things isn't a fucking dream.
That the whole idea that you dream,
the idea that you could imagine the idea that there's some,
some mystical part of your brain that sees things that aren't really there and
puts them into position and moves them around and gives you a little fucking
cartoon light bulb and then you write this down and you get together with a
hammer and nail and some fucking wood,
and you create this thing that's never been created before.
What the fuck is that?
This is something that's manifesting itself in a solid form that it's come out
of nowhere.
Yeah.
I have a feeling that whole nowhere is a real realm.
The realm of thinking,
the realm of consciousness and imagination.
Just because you can't bang on it with a fucking hammer doesn't mean it's not a
real realm.
A real,
a huge part of the ingredients of life.
And I think that we only measure the shit that we can bang on with a hammer and
we look at the way that people are influenced their lives.
You know,
she'll,
she'll get a tech job and look what she did to her lips.
We,
we look at all the different things that you physically do to the stuff that you
can hit.
That's what we measure.
And we decide that that's the entire ingredient list of life.
And I don't think it is,
man.
I think there's some,
there's some woo woo shit going on man.
There's some woowoo Depok shopper type shit going on that seems ridiculous.
You just can't measure it.
You know what they call it?
You know the,
of course the name for the universe that is Maya.
You've heard the term [inaudible] of course.
Illusion.
So like it's,
and I think there's like exercises and some yoga systems where you begin to try
to deconstruct what exactly what you're saying.
You,
you start like trying to like find what is real,
what Israel,
you know,
is this,
for example,
this table,
like you take the table for example,
the table is only real in this moment right now.
If you were to look at the table through the,
uh,
through the course of thousands and thousands of years,
you would see this table was trees and before it was trees,
it was seeds.
And before it was seeds,
there's this combination of carbon molecules and you would see that this table
is only existing in a very temporary transient moment.
And this one second,
it's almost liquid.
If you look at time,
it's just kind of wave this undulation that's happening that we mistake it as a
solid,
right?
And so we think,
Oh yes,
this is permanent and this is real.
It's like,
no,
no.
This is completely impermanent.
You just happened to see it as real on this one second.
And so you begin to be like,
okay,
well that's not real.
Then you begin to think,
well what about me?
Am I,
what am I?
And then you're also,
you're part of that fucking paint swirl to your swirled in with a table right
now.
Your swirled in and before you swirled into the human entity that you are,
you are a bunch of other shit,
you know you are,
you are ultimately like they talk about how like parts of what's inside of us is
from supernovas and quasars and things exploding.
Start us.
Yeah.
We did have to have a Supernova to make the shift to make people right.
Yes.
You need it.
Some sort of a fucking explosion of a star.
That's the recipe and so when you start,
instead of just theoretically talking about it like what you don't like,
if you start like really thinking,
okay,
well then what does that mean for my life?
How am I supposed to,
you know,
how am I supposed to start acting?
Then if I realize that I'm just some infinite part
of something else,
it's going to swirl back out and then nothingness real quick.
What do you think the guy first felt when he realized that the sun has a
lifespan?
The Guy who first realize that eventually this fucker's going to go out.
Right.
You know,
when he calculated how many billionaires when you have lung transplant are all
fine,
you know,
and then they figured out,
most sons only live to 500 million years.
Did you know that?
No,
I didn't.
I didn't know that either.
I thought like they're all billions.
Billions of years.
No,
no,
no.
Most sons,
500 billion years or 500 million years.
Really?
Yeah.
So we got an older son,
a crazy slow burning sun.
Some of them just fucking blast off.
Some of the really big giant ones,
man,
they're just fucking blah.
They just rage for like a,
you know,
a few million years and then shut the fuck off.
Yeah.
But some of them,
a lot of them die out at 500 million.
So we're in a rare sort of a goldilocks situation where life can get this
advanced and get this complex,
you know,
4.6 billion years or something like that.
This planet has been around in the sun is even older than that.
You know,
pretty fascinating stuff.
When you really stop and think about it,
you know what,
that's all got a lifespan,
that fucking,
that level of thinking that you can begin to like really start experiencing like
novelty again in your life.
Cause I think people get shut off to that way of thinking.
They don't want to think like that and things can get boring.
It's like when you sit,
when you go outside in a hot day and you just think I'm experiencing heat from a
fucking thing in space.
Like this heat is radiating out of this thing that's so fucking hot.
It's making its way through space and changing my skin color a little bit.
It can burn my skin.
That's to me that if I allow myself to think that way things become so much more
fascinating and interesting.
It's just weird.
The stuff you choose to not use specifically that people
yeah,
but that's not what you guys were talking about you and talking about,
hey the sun makes you tan where that's hot and that's nice.
I mean I think everyone thinks about that.
I'm thinking about like the stuff that where you,
you know,
if you,
if you're trying to figure out what the universe is,
if it's alive,
it's doing this or that,
that's all great and stuff like that.
But you don't really have no answer.
I don't like fascinate or thinking about that kind of shit because there will
never probably know that answer.
I'd rather figure out my fucking life going on with this
son.
You ain't never going to figure out your love.
You better off.
Just distract yourself with bullshit.
Well,
I mean
listen,
let it go kid.
I know.
I know what if's can be fun here and there,
but by getting obsessed with them is with Dunkin.
Until I starve to death,
we can what if till the cows come home?
It's fun.
Fucking philosophy.
So much of Mckenna's work was what if you know so much of his uh,
possibilities of prognosticating,
the eventual technological singularity and he's a,
he was a big proponent of time travel.
He really felt like time travel was going to be the one thing that fucked
everything up.
Can I do it?
What if real quick,
what if Brian worked for the CIA and he was like,
infiltrate the podcast to try to get us from doing what ifs.
Cause if we he,
they know that if we keep what iffing we're going to come up with something that
isn't just bullshit.
You're right,
dude,
you might be a fucking fed.
Speaking of which,
where are you out this weekend?
Oh,
I'm at the Ama Ama,
the Ann Arbor.
I'm showcasing an arbitrage comedy showcase in Ann Arbor,
Thursday,
Friday,
and Saturday.
By the way,
if you never been to comedy showcase in Ann Arbor,
Michigan,
it is one of the most perfect comedy clubs in the country.
It's one of those places that you get there and they go,
ah,
these still exist.
These,
these mom pop owned really well set up,
well-designed,
small,
intimate space,
great sound system,
coolest fuck staff.
The whole staff smoke me out.
We went in the backyard and pass it around to places.
The Shit,
the cops there were cool as fuck.
Everybody's cool shit.
I can't wait.
The club is the shit.
I did it with [inaudible] did it.
It was a,
we had a great,
great,
great fucking time.
Then there's a few of those clubs left,
you know,
in the country.
That was a half on Denver.
Comedy works.
Denver comedy set up perfect.
What's that?
Portland,
Oregon is my new faith.
Portland's helium is the shit that's a new club to love that.
But Portland has been dying for standup comedy forever and Portland.
Such a cool community.
So many cool motherfuckers up there.
Portland's amazing man.
It's a great city.
Yeah.
I love Portland.
I just don't know if I could deal with the winter time.
People say just gets fucking crazy.
I've talked to people that didn't say that years ago.
I have friends that live in Seattle and years ago I would ask them,
you know,
does it ever bother you?
The rain now,
you know,
no big deals,
whatever man and the summertime summertime's they're amazing and just,
you know,
and just kind of deal with it.
This is what the,
what it is.
And then you talked to him a couple of years later,
man,
fuck this fucking weather.
Fuck this is,
it seems to me to be something you think you could deal with and you can deal
with it.
It might slowly fuck with you if you don't realize.
As long as you don't realize there is an alternative.
Like if you ever lived in southern California and then you moved up to Seattle,
you might,
after a while I'd be like,
God damn,
can I get some sun up in this bitch?
Like you fucking,
people are depressed for a reason,
man.
You're not getting any sun vitamin D.
Exactly.
But to have a comedy club up there,
there's so many cool fuckers up there,
man,
Seattle,
Portland,
that whole northwest bad ass.
It's great.
It's like always good times.
I've never had a bad show up there.
They've always been fun.
Portland is fucking that.
That helium comedy club,
one of the best places we ever worked.
It's amazing.
I've heard great,
great everything.
Those helium guys and the guys from Philly,
they just know exactly what they're doing.
They're there,
they're fucking masters at it.
You know?
It's just like,
you know,
there's a few of those clubs like Improv.
It's like we did the Ontario Improv this weekend.
Fuck.
It was awesome.
Yeah.
That Ontario Improv is one of the most underrated Improv's math because the
people out there as cool as shit,
it's always packed.
Every show was sold out.
It was fucking awesome.
Yeah.
There seems to be a real correlation to how cool comedy clubs are getting and
how your podcast is becoming popular.
Because there's a lot of fucking podcast fans that come out to these shows and
they're fucking
awesome.
Somebody fucking palm banana bread in a Ziploc bag in my hand in Atlanta.
That was one of the funniest,
cool,
coolest things because,
and it was just banana bread.
That's a Brownie somebody gave me.
I'm scared of.
It's right there.
Forget it.
You just don't know.
I'm scared.
I'm gonna feed it to my job in the original form.
You can't lie.
You just never know.
You never know what it could be,
man.
That could be some Jacob's ladder shit you cause.
So if they want to see you,
how do they buy tickets for this cause on my website,
Duncan trussell.com there's a link to that take.
It's on my website.
That's Trussell with two s's and two L's,
Duncan trussell.com also go to death squad.tv and sign up for the desk squad
podcasts.
There's a whole series of podcasts that Brian hosts outside of this that has
like Sam triply as a podcast on Durham and fucking Tom Segura is upon Christ
under.
Um,
and there's a bunch of different really funny people that have podcasts over
there.
Freddy Loc hard,
John Reed,
John Heffron,
Birdie,
Steven Brody,
Stevens,
Lester,
a bunch of really good.
So if you like looking for interesting shit to keep you occupied at work,
it's all free.
Of course.
It's all on iTunes of course.
Also Ari Shaffir has his own now it's called the skeptic tank.
You could find it.
Arusha fears skeptic tank,
that's s,
h,
a,
F,
I r and m Dunkin has the lavender hour and the lavender hour is also on iTunes.
And you guys have lavender,
[inaudible] dot com lavandera.com of course it's all free as well.
And you also have a special episode every week that you could pay for it on this
episode.
We do it well.
We haven't been doing it every week,
but every once in a while with throwing up there,
they're out there,
but you've got a shitload to get through.
If you've never listened to it.
There was like 48 and they're all online.
They're online.
Powerful and um,
uh,
thank you to the flashlight for sponsoring us.
If you go to Joe rogan.net,
click on the link for the fleshlight entering the code name,
Rogan,
you will get 15% off the number one six tool for me.
I got to come up with something cooler to say what that Brian is just talking
master.
He just has this down to a science.
That's why he interjects.
He tried to a fuck with your thought waves.
I fucked up the show today.
What if he's out the conversation as a time traveler and he knows that we're
trying to talk about time travel.
I told him to write faggots.
Yeah,
he ain't get stopping.
Stopping.
Thank you to a on it labs for us.
Go to onnit.co and it for the Alpha brain,
cognitive enhanced or substance,
whatever you call this.
And if you go to,
uh,
the link off the website off Joe rogan.net and doing the Qa Rogan,
you will get 15% off and then make yourself all smart and shit.
Yes,
they're great.
Great Dreams.
Duncan Trussell this weekend comedy showcase.
Ann Arbor,
Michigan,
Thursday,
Friday and Saturday night live.
What?
Go see him can go,
go there.
Have you go.
If you're in Michigan,
you must go,
oh,
this Friday we're going to be at um,
uh,
ice house and the little tiny room Pasadena ice house.
They are the death squad shows Joe Rogan,
Joey Diaz who shot to do two shows.
Brennan Walsh's.
Oh,
it's all the way up of killers and it's a small ass room.
It's only 85 seats.
It will sell the fuck out.
Yeah,
but we're doing this little thing on purpose because it's fun.
It's a real intimate little environment.
It's a real fun place to fuck around.
Are you going to be around?
No.
You got to be around because you're going to be at the comedy showcase and add
on.
And if you go to Duncan trussell.com you can get the tickets for that.
And then just fucking just folks,
we love Ya.
Thanks for everything.
Just keep being who you are because your coolest shit and all you people out
there that are listening on your,
on your treadmills and on your elliptical machines and driving in your cars and
sit in the subway and on the train.
And we love you.
We love you.
We're there.
We are all connected.
Yeah,
you are having a conversation with us.
We are moving forward occupy Wall Street and hold it till I get there.
Keegan machine shirts at bird bird,
bird.com.
Thank you everybody.
We love you guys.
We'll see you soon.
Hello?
Okay.